How to be Toxic


- consider random walks through conversation-topics... you're just
  talking about random things. the other person and/or people are
  interacting with normal conversation dynamics, changing direction to
  what interests them and to what they want the group to focus
  on. then, a specific topic comes up, but one person suddenly has
  incentive to quickly change the conversation. recognizing when this
  happens is critical to being able to function socially ... you know,
  as a person ... who lives life. in what has been an ordinary
  conversation so far, this person interacts to steer the
  conversation, which can be done in more or less obvious ways.
  - yes, sometimes conversation topics which have been encountered
    before can trigger conditioned defense mechanisms: the person with
    something to gain or lose has been conditioned by previous
    experiences to exert control over topics.


- (... the above concluding in): i'm basically being called crazy for
  pursuing normal conflict resolution for issues which are
  uncomfortable in their topic, sentiment, judgement or conclusion.
  - however ... no one responds to me normally. i get that the topics
    can be controversial or the directions can be uncomfortable,
    especially if I'm attempting to argue that someone in the group is
    responsible for something I claim is their fault.
    - so, when does anyone ever realize that socially repressing
      evidence and memories of the trauma that I've experienced by
      marginalizing me will result in far worse consequences than
      simply helping me work through them? why are people so
      incentivized to *make truth that is contrary to my
      experience?*. why am i put in a situation where the salve to my
      emotional trauma is forcing myself to believe falsehoods which
      absolve others of their compliance or assistance in exacerbating
      my trauma? or leveraging references to specific memories to
      provoke descent into rumination? last time I checked, it's not
      acceptable to provoke someone's PTSD, even if it buys your way
      out of a difficult conversation. furthermore, i called these
      *socially* repressed memories for a reason: they are aspects of
      my experience in life -- memories shared with other people --
      that people in society never accept or reference in any way.

- now imagine that you are a ghost. when you discuss various issues
  with other people, they are terrified to ever refer to any details
  in your statements to other people, since you are the disembodied
  spirit of a dead person, telling them things that can't be true --
  or rather, *can't be said* to be true.

- now imagine that you try to have conversations with people, but:
  - they never refer to you when talking to other people
    - or, at least, they never refer to other people's statements
      about topics you argue about.
  - they specifically never repeat to you *argumentative predicates
    and conditions that you mention*
    - that is, they never, ever mention the *meat* of your arguments.
    - but ONLY with respect to topics of argumentation.
  - what are the chances? in normal conversation, they refer to
    conditions, predicates, facts and opinions you state. however,
    every single time that you argue with this person or group, as a
    rule, *they only ever reference predicates and conditions of your
    arguments if their back is against the wall*
  - this seems statistically impossible, especially if the topic has
    been argued about 100 times or more. how is it that they never
    mention any information you present them with? how would they know
    that by referring to statements in your arguments, it would cause
    them to paint themselves into a corner?
    - Or, to be less extreme ... what if responding to your statements
      would potentially allow the arguing parties to arrive at a
      compromise -- or at least some kind of consensus?
    - how likely is it that someone would only extremely rarely
      reference ideas you present them with? how useful is that
      tactic? in the future, it allows you to *play stupid* FOREVER!
      because the only time you can't play stupid is when you ever
      acknowledged information presented to you in argument -- EVEN TO
      DENY INFORMATION. If you are lying about cognizance, then your
      best option is to never acquiesce to argument, especially to any
      argumentative details whatsoever.
    - However ... it is incredibly difficult to maintain such a facade
      of ignorance for over five years, simply to play dumb. If you
      weren't cognizant about playing stupid, how could you know to
      react with disruption or ignorance to every single
      argumentatitive topic or requisite fact, *without ever losing
      ground once?* (Isn't it convenient then, that your son has a
      developmental disorder?)

Now, back to measuring that random walk through conversation topics,
which is not unlike dinner conversation. is there some measure of
randomness for conversations? sure there is. Is there a measure of
divergence with respect to conversation topics? YES, THERE IS. it's
not so easy to measure, but every person who exhibits normal social
behavior can *feel* divergence of conversation topic. It is the degree
to which conversation topics change rapidly over the course of several
statements. Chastising someone for noticing quirks of human social
behavior like this is irresponsible and perhaps indicative of chronic
manipulation. Why should someone need to reach leverage social
physics, which requires generalizing the math behind quantum physics,
to *prove* insights into *social behavior* they experience which
everyone else simply intuitively feels and navigates? Then, that
person is labelled insane for understanding, mathematically, what
every 12 year old understands at the lunch table? Seriously?

<!--
  IRRESPONSIBLE AND OPPOSITE TO THE BEHAVIOR OF A PARENT CONCERNED
  ABOUT THE DEVELOPMENT OF THEIR CHILD. It is not so easy to express
  using vector calculus operators like divergence, but holy shit, do I
  really have to leverage social physics, which requires generalizing
  the math behind quantum physics, to PROVE my insights into the
  social behavior I experience. Seriously? How do normal parents teach
  their children about society? My mother obviously knows how to sense
  and use the facets of conversation, so why the fuck did no one ever
  teach me anything about life? -->


### Why Should You Prep Arguments Like A Trial Lawyer With Conversation With Your Friends And Family?

Divergence of conversation, coupled with inference about motivation
for compelling the conversation topic to diverge is critical to
surviving in life, especially in competitive pursuits. There are many
conversation topics or points of contention with rivals where you may
only have a single chance to bring something up in front of
others. Or, if you are any type of lawyer, it is necessary to plan
your statements in witness cross-examination such that you can apply
the [socratic method]() -- while perhaps attempting to rhetorically
entrap a potentially uncooperative witness, hopefully without needing
to dupe them into purgery -- while also allowing yourself the
flexibility to adapt to the witness' responses. A skillful lawyer
needs to be able to play poker, reason about the likelyhood of
response types, anticipate metatypes of case development, generally
understand higher-order pathways of argumentation (especially as
they're applied to specific topics or case types) and do it all
without pissing off the shadowy powers that be -- who all drink at the
same bar and play golf at the same clubs.

This, and other less extreme examples of applying rhetoric in life,
are impossible if you aren't allowed to read people or make inferences
about their motivations. These are critical skills, as is
understanding *how* to apply knowledge, suspicion and implication
related to these inferences. If you find yourself in arguments and
battles you don't know how to win -- or haven't been taught the proper
social skills to engage in tactfully -- THEN YOU *WILL* LOSE. It
doesn't matter if you learn how to read people, if you also were never
taught to apply your insights. This skill of reading people, while so
necessary, is not only useless if you were never taught to apply it,
but potentially damaging, especially if you react poorly.

### Sugar, Spice and EVERYTHING TWICE

These are the kinds of life-skills that are missing in the typical
case of a not-so-well-adjusted person with over-protective parents who
meets ruin the second they become independent. The parents provide
these skills, but don't know how to pass them on to their child -- or
don't want to.

That you would intend a child to remain unconscious to various
necessary facets of life is a type of decision that some parents
decide to make. *Guiding* psychological development doesn't typically
appeal to first-time parents, since they are still reading books and
ensuring they've double-check every single thing that could go
wrong. Some parents who have subsequent children at later points in
their life decide to change the recipe a bit, which can occasionally
result in a trainwreck, so you better appear to not be cognizant the
entire time. If you get it wrong, it might look pretty bad.

The following isn't a common example of parenting style, but it is a
type of intention for development that seems possible, in theory. The
more children you have and the longer the time you've spent as a
parent, the more you develop and intuitive understanding of
psychology: particularly the unconscious and the gradually
accumulation of new information. If they are raising an additional
child in their 30's and 40's, then they may be *hyper-aware* of their
child's development -- when compared to the average recent mother or
father in their 20's. Further, they have lived long enough to
fine-tune their coping mechanisms and absorb tons of information about
a world they can protect their child from totally, since they're in
their 40's with enough money to choose to do so. Further, they have
more developed values and moral systems, perhaps with the resources to
adhere to those morals without appearing to cut corners.

- They have had multiple children, so they're well aware of the
  developmental dynamics and signs of a child becoming conscious to
  various facets of life.

- They have a reason to fear society's impact on their child, which
  perhaps stems from a socially conservative religious background.

- They have the skills to maneuver socially and remove unwanted
  influences, which is what makes them cognizant.

- They have the resources to maneuver, whereas financial and social
  isolation tends to restrict almost all options, perhaps leaving a
  child to be a leaf in the wind, developmentally.

- They have a tendency to treat people like objects, but they're
  really good at it. The financial and social resources at their
  disposal gives them options to leverage against people or to
  incentivize behavior.

- They feel like *they will always know better than their child*, so
  if their child avoids becoming conscious to facets of everyday
  social life, it's OK because mommy will always be there
  ... *FOREVER.*

Anyone that intends specific developmental directions for their child
-- **or for any person's whatsoever** -- generally must isolate that
person. That is the *only* way that you can ensure that development is
not interfered with. Statistically, the only way to guarantee that
certain adverse event types do not occur is through isolation. Some
influences can be mitigated and reversed, but not all. For subversive
gaslighting, covert NLP, and other negative topics, unrelated to be
sure, isolation is similarly necessary. YOU MUST ISOLATE THE TARGET,
OTHERWISE YOU CANNOT INFLUENCE THEM OR PREDICT THEM WITH ANY LEVEL OF
GUARANTEE.


- TODO: determinedness: what is a more clear term for this?

### Why are children's minds so plastic early on?

  - another way of looking at the work of jung and freud is the impact
    of (determined-ness) of information systems in the mind, as the
    mind accumulates more information through experience. the mind is
    first pervasively under-determined and later progresses through
    phases of accumulating (determinedness) and responding to
    disrupted determinedness; this phases, which usually alternate
    with decreasing (amplitude) correspond to the periodic, cyclic
    dynamics of Jung's hero's journey.
    - they also correspond to many of freud's insights into meta/types
      of psychological progressions which correspond to the earliest
      states of information in the mind: when there is nothing, the
      impact of anything new is proportionally greater, but since the
      mind is always accumulating structure and can never totally
      eliminate the influence of existing information/memories, then
      what happens as a toddler or child can result in highly varied
      (directions)  in early psychological development.
      - past in content from the other article (a more detailed
        summary of Freud/Jung)

  - in contrast to the effects of genetic and neurological mechanisms
    on the brain during childhood, (.... the what? comparing them to
    dynamics of psychological/neurological development which arise
    from the informational mechanics relating to the
    structure/accumulation of information in analytical systems)
    - In hermeticism, every phenomenon has female and male
      aspects. these [genetic/neuroanatomical] (mechanisms) correspond
      to "female" aspects of the phenomenon of neurological
      development; they provide a basis for reception of information.
      - the experience/information/knowledge that is absorbed provides
        the "male" half of the phenomenon, whose impact is difficult
        to quantiy, (thus tending to be unappreciated.)
      - (needs a much better explanation) at the earliest ages,
        children's minds are in a state of something like perpetual
        hypnosis; when the mind contains almost nothing at all,
        information is successfully layered into the mind through
        *something similar to* hypnotic suggestion. the repeated
        facets of experience are reinforced to become like sedimentary
        layers of conditioning. as information systems becoe
      - as a child grows older, their experience of phenomena streams
        in through the senses, where it is modulated by cognition.
  -

### Leveraging Suggestion and Implanation to Engrain Subconscious Reflexes

- (TODO: better term for subconscious reflex?)

- use IRL example of convincing a child to never try new food.
  - once you set the initial response, if you don't adequately attempt
    to correct it or can't overcome the child's resolve to not eat new
    food, then the child will reinforce this tendancy until it becomes
    an early component of their identity.
    - if you then reinforce this aspect of their identity by
      constantly referring to it, while acting like you're trying to
      change it, then
    - if for some reason you wanted to instill this behavior, youf
      could also anticipate needing to proactively counter-signal
      later in such a way that allows you to appear to be trying to
      achieve the opposite of what you intended from the start. this
      absolves you from appearing to want/need the child to avoid
      trying new foods, but since you don't follow through with
      resolve to force the change in habit, the habit merely
      reinforces itself -- even moreso when you argue with the child
      about trying some new food. for a child who is not defeated in
      this battle at the dinner table, is to double down on
      reinforcing that habit as a notion of identity -- without
      thinking much about it.
    - the same tendencies can result purely incidentally, if the child
      really is so stubborn. so it's not necessary for the parent to
      cognizantly attempt to create this. the situation may play out
      the same way regardless of the parents' intent. needless to say,
      having a second parent around will implicitly disrupt the social
      dynamics of any interactions with the child. this is a
      fundamental difference between one-on-one interactions and more
      plural social interactions. the former may tend to lock itself
      in rigidity, whereas the latter may lend itself to disruption or
      cooperation.
      - if I had a second parent, it would be much harder to explain
        how I would acquire particular personality traits which were
        necessary for me to become the person I am now. Absolute
        unwillingness to try new foods? Never would have happened. A
        tendancy to remain unconscious about everything by default
        until my late twenties? Also: never would have happened.

  - why does it matter whether I tried new food as a child? Who cares
    if I was a picky eater? It's a great example of a subconscious
    reflex that may become ingrained early on. further, every child
    must decide how they feel about this at some point: do they
    generally like trying new foods or not? still, it's also a reflex
    which may be implanted and allowed to exacerbate itself,
    eventually becoming an idea the child believes arises from them
    and indicates control over asserting their self ... at the dinner
    table. when considered sociophysically, it also leads to
    systemically filtering interactions for the child in the
    future. suddenly, the child's eating preferences dictate where
    they can eat and who would ever eat out with them twice, if it
    limits the choice of restaurant or food. what *might* this do? it
    impacts child's compatibility to social groups -- in my case, it
    may have severely restricted my compatibility (SINCE I ASSERTED MY
    MANDATE FOR CHICKEN WITH AN AUTISTIC LEVEL OF AWARENESS TO HOW IT
    IMPACTED OTHERS.)
    - if the effects to compatibility and to new relationships that
    are reinforced are severe, the child may tend to have a restricted
    set of social connections in pre/adolescence or even be slightly
    isolated, if for some reason no person can every conquer their
    iron resolve against eating vegetables or anything outside of
    pizza and chicken.
    - TODO: validate that [social valence] is really what i think it
      is. otherwise a metaphor for valence still applies, which is
      what I intend

- and as a single mother, why would you so strongly limit your own
  social group compatibility by allowing your child to decide it for
  you. the decision to not compel your son to eat more foods limits
  your ability to socialize (and actually in kind of a big way)
  - whose choice was this and why? i had PDD-NOS (or SCD, according to
    the DSM-V) so it was hard for me to understand.
  - however, if it really was my mother's choice to never break free
    of her own 5/8/10 year old son, when she was rather notorious for
    exerting authority over skate center employes ... then why? why
    hide it? was it something that slipped by, where the scope of
    consequences weren't so obvious?

# I HAVE ACTUALLY NEVER THOUGHT ABOUT THE ABOVE PERSPECTIVE(S) UNTIL NOW.

- explain generally how to leverage suggestion, engrain subconscious
  reflexes, while anticipating their effects
  - especially if the subconscious reflex affects the child's
    psychological or sociological development in some systemic way.
    - e.g. whether you like Polo, a sport played by rich people on
      horse, isn't going to systemically impact anyone in america.
      - however, if you have an engrained disdain for football, well
        that is actually the most popular sport in America. if your
        artificial opinion of football causes you to never be
        interested in it whatsoever, then you won't be networking with
        your friends in childhood. you'll almost never go to a single
        baseball game or football game. you won't even know how many
        points can be scored by and after a touchdown until you get to
        highschool and have to attend football games with the marching
        band. strangely, someone programmed you to not like that
        sport; probably just the effect of their personal opinions.

#### (Notes from Phone)

- Identifying the boundary between conscious and unconscious in
  people, which are the areas of content they may develop next, whose
  infinitesimal reinforcement is like gossamer.

- Parents use this all the time, but it only works with enough
  effectiveness until a child’s mind is sufficiently formed. As
  someone approaches adolescence, they develop a threshold level of
  knowledge that causes their minds to exhibit overdeveloped
  information, which causes them to be overconfident in what they
  know. At this point, they reject much of what they haven’t been
  conditioned to accept; which is itself a tendency, though general,
  which can be exacerbated by toying with how their mind handles ideas
  along that boundary of the un/conscious, which in my case caused me
  to generally reject everything I didn’t already know.
- How my own marijuana usage upended much of this programming by
  disrupting lower-level granular dependencies in personal habit,
  beliefs and values.
  - Even though the programming was disrupted, I still wasn't aware of
    how unconscious I was to the notion of unconsciousness; factors
    tending to filter and focus patterns of my thought were disrupted,
    i was exposed to new ideas, developed the beginnings of a sense of
    self-awareness, while conditioned habits were disrupted; however,
    I was unconscious to many or most of these patterns and habits. I
    sensed myself changing, but had no idea as to the truth of where i
    was starting from.

- Children who are gifted do need specialized psychological handling,
  to an extent. Otherwise they will be easily led astray; new
  acquaintances they encounter might be socially capable of pulling
  them away to lesser goals; the probable risk is not threats with
  negative intentions, but hopeful, glib people with pursuits unworthy
  to the intelligent young adult. If you pursue specific strategies
  for your "gifted" child's intelligence, you would certainly see
  this, though perhaps in some intuitive sense. To remain unaware of
  such risks of unworthy pursuits -- or to half-heartedly engage with
  the child you formerly invested so much in as to remain capable of
  guiding them towards higher goals

  this development of


### to Specific Ideas In Someone Who Remains Unconscious to What Drives Those Reflexes ###






- imagine the path that someone wanders through their mind. it can
  take them through better or worse places, emotionally,
  intellectually, etc.
  - it's moreso high-dimensional graph, where thoughts are not so much
    a path, but activations on the graph represented by cliques or
    simplexes.
  - thought can be more or less structured. the person thinking can
    exert control over their thoughts.

- paths through the mind which are less structured and travel further
  require more physical energy.

- relationship problems with someone who has cut you off from all
  resources and can thus cause anyone who looks at your life to
  misinterpret it. or, they at least have more power in doing so than
  anywone else, since they are your only first degree connection
  - people see me chasing goal after goal, and changing direction, but
    don't understand why i don't make progress
  - (if you want to destroy someone's life slowly), keep them
    wandering aimlessly between goal after goal, never dwelling long
    enough on one to have anything to show for their effort, no matter
    how hard they work.



--------



Socioinformational conflict, Aspergers and social miscalculation: basically, as someone with high-functioning autism, when i would stand up for myself against with others over some narrative/controversy, i lacked the tools to read the situation, to infer what i was up against, to understand whatsoever social/financial resources, to understand how things would play out.

So people would assume:

- that they could leapfrog me and use me as a benchmark by constructing some situation where they could demostrate the pecking order and come out on top
- that i was weak and thus wouldn’t fight back

But what would happen:

- they would miscalculate my vulnerability and i would fight back, with no regard for whether it would be worth it to stand up for myself and with zero concern to the collateral damage i would cause for myself and others.

==========

A lot of "mental illness" is misunderstood. in many cases, it's not so
much what is happening neuropharmacologically, in the chemistry of the
brain, as it is the effects of socially distributed information. This
distorts how people perceive information associated with that
person. This information exists completely outside of the person’s
brain who society claims exhibits some inherent neuropharmacological
defect.

Regardless of whether the cause is neuropharmacological or social,
what fuels mental illness, generally, is misunderstanding the self in
relation to society, society misunderstanding an individual and
socio-informational conflict of realities as perceived by
individuals/groups.

People have a tendancy to project informational components of their
constructed reality or their group's reality/worldview into
society. When components of these constructed realities come into
conflict, stronger people with more social & financial resources have
the ability to project their reality more dominantly, which is
socio-informational conflict. This means that if someone had minimal
social or financial resources (i.e. ME), they never stood a chance
against society. It is one person’s truth over another’s or one
group’s truth over another’s, magnified by the social/financial
resources that they wish to invest to see their truth dominate. When
you quantitatively have zero resources, there is nothing you can do to
fight back, regardless of the truth of your claims. The other sides
information merely out-replicates your socially-disconnected attempts
to tell other people what the truth is. It doesn’t matter what
happened, which is what makes it so interesting that people concerned
with “God” and “truth” would have zero moral qualms in allowing you to
be abused, psychologically tortured and in practical solitary
confinement.

In my own life, this has lead to **socially repressed memories**;
forcing someone to accept some facts/beliefs which are not true as
though they are. This happens often in cases of abuse: the alleged
information is simply not taken seriously.

Also, from my understanding of the manisfestation of some mental
illness as socioinformational conflict, this has interesting
consequences for regimes which mandate belief and engage in widespread
social engineering, especially when it's applied incoherently and
inconsistently.  e.g. regimes like communism and socialism. The Soviet
Union had an entire subtype of schizophrenia dedicated to punishing
political dissidents, which was useful in labelling those the
authorities wanted to be mis-handled by the psychiatric
institutions. Once this false diagnosis was notated on your medical
records, it essentially indicated handling instructions to any medical
or psychiatric personnel who encountered your case. it was a signal to
mis-handle your case.

Being diagnosed with mental illness and being medicated really is the
modern era's absolution of sin, since society is programmed to give
you a free pass, under the authority of important people with lab
coats and fancy letters behind their name.
