---
title: "Locke's Social Contract Is Broken: The Apparent Convolution of Causality"
headline: "A Raincheck On My Social Contract?"
tags: "philosophy"
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: "
We're a democracy, so the people can vote for whatever leaders they
want, who will give them whatever government-funded programs they
want. It's America, so the people decide what they want the government
to do, but that doesn't mean the people will be spared the economic
consequences of their votes. In a republic, the people’s leaders
decide the course of policy, though according to public opinion, the
US Government seems to dissatisfy the people in most measures …
perhaps its a tough crowd. What would change people’s minds, with
regard to Congress, the Executive Branch, and the institutions enacted
under the authority of both?"
---

## [Why Is America's Republic Faltering?](#why-is-americas-republic-faltering)

#### [Is it Constitutional, Institutional, or Just The Russians?](#is-it-constitutional-institutional-or-just-the-russians)

#### [What Else Hasn't Been Said About Locke?](#what-else-hasnt-been-said-about-locke)

#### [Does Our Republic Work Today?](#does-our-republic-work-today)

#### [And Whose Leviathan Do I See In The Window?](#and-whose-leviathan-do-i-see-in-the-window)

#### [These Tyrants Are Closer Than You Think....](#those-tyrants-are-closer-than-you-think)

#### [Socioinformational Whipsaws](#socioinformational-whipsaws)

#### [How 'Bout That AI?](#how-bout-that-ai)

#### [How 'Bout a Tall, Warm Glass Of Nihilism?](#how-bout-a-tall-warm-glass-of-nihilism)

#### [Locke On Causality](#locke-on-causality)

#### [Causality is a Diffusion Process](#causality-is-a-diffusion-process)

#### [Stop Nursing That Glass of Nihilism And Do Something](#stop-nursing-that-glass-of-nihilism)


<a name="why-is-americas-republic-faltering" />

# [Why Is America's Republic Faltering?](#why-is-americas-republic-faltering)

#### The Continental Philosopher's Perspective on Hegel

![Philosophers On Hegel](/img/posts/2018-12-07-the-convolution-of-causality/philosophers-on-hegel.jpg)

<a name="is-it-constitutional-institutional-or-just-the-russians" />

### [Is it Constitutional, Institutional, or Just The Russians?](#is-it-constitutional-institutional-or-just-the-russians)

Often when considering liberty and independence, the notion arises
that, along with the freedom to choose comes ownership over
consequences of your financial or social actions. Herein, if
consequences of individual action are the microcosm, then consider the
macrocosm as a parallel notion, where it is America’s collective
responsibility to be informed citizens, who though acting freely, must
endure the consequences of their actions.

#### What seems to be the problem, doc?

![Twilight Zone: Eye of the Beholder](/img/posts/2018-12-07-the-convolution-of-causality/eye-of-the-beholder-1.jpg)

<a name="what-else-hasnt-been-said-about-locke" />

### [What Else Hasn't Been Said About Locke?](#what-else-hasnt-been-said-about-locke)

We're a democracy, so the people can vote for whatever leaders they
want, who will give them whatever government-funded programs they
want. It's America, so the people decide what they want the government
to do, but that doesn't mean the people will be spared the economic
consequences of their votes. In a republic, the people’s leaders
decide the course of policy, though according to public opinion, the
US Government seems to dissatisfy the people in most measures …
perhaps its a tough crowd. What would change people’s minds, with
regard to Congress, the Executive Branch, and the institutions enacted
under the authority of both?

<a name="does-our-republic-work-today" />

### [Does Our Republic Work Today?](#does-our-republic-work-today)

No. If the federal government can’t follow its own laws, procedures
and constitutional obligations, how can we expect it to work? our
government was designed to be resilient to subversion and
corrosion. the founders were well aware of Greek and Roman success and
failures with democracy and all to familiar with the failure of a
government thousands of miles away who couldn’t be bothered to listen
to the people. it used the people and the 18th century English
government, fallible like every other manmade institution, was
subverted & debased to be used itself. falling into the traps of every
empire, the British Government furthered the ends of few and took from
many.

Why is our republic failing today? why isn’t the constitution as
resilient against tyranny and our government unchanged by finance? it
is for the same reason that the tactics of Ghandi and Martin Luther
King Jr would fail in the 21st century: as the tactics of Civil
Disobedience *do not function* if your sacrifices are muted before
they are felt by others who magnify the capacity of those sacrifices
to transform social attitudes — neither do the functions of a republic
align to the will of the people when the nature of social interaction,
communication and awareness begins to distorted as severely as it is
today.

<a name="and-whose-leviathan-do-i-see-in-the-window" />

### [And Whose Leviathan Do I See In The Window?](#and-whose-leviathan-do-i-see-in-the-window)

What do the people want? they want what they hear from mass
communication, more or less, directly or one step removed. it is too
easy for those with social/financial influence to control mass media
and distort social media to engineer discourse and subvert even the
most well-intentioned politicians. these would-be tyrants aren’t
Kings, Roman demagogues or thirty conquering Spartans ...

#### Leviathan ... HUNGRY!

![Leviathan Hungry](/img/posts/2018-12-07-the-convolution-of-causality/leviathan.jpg)

<a name="these-tyrants-are-closer-than-you-think" />

### [These Tyrants Are Closer Than You Think....](#these-tyrants-are-closer-than-you-think)

While most politically engaged people would be quick to name their
imagined usurpers, most of us have idea who these “tyrants” are, but
the answer is closer than you think. Whether external or domestic, the
forces subverting our system may only be lucky to do so
intentionally. Instead these are shadows of ourselves, aspects of the
collective unconsciousnesses of groups, whose communication once
voiced, feeds back into itself, driving feedback loops: some are
purely anthropogenic, feeding off ourselves; others are driven by
artificial intelligence and social media’s vulnerabilities to feedback
loops. Other aspects that unconsciously compel group behaviors, then
act on smaller, more powerful groups to exacerbate the effects of
“lower-level” feedback loops. politician’s have incentives to
capitalize on the momentum of novel issues, to facilitate digital
engagement to build support, to identify issues whose winds are
changing. corporations have similar interests and similar signals to
act on.

![Twilight Zone: Eye of the Beholder](/img/posts/2018-12-07-the-convolution-of-causality/eye-of-the-beholder-2.jpg)


<a name="socioinformational-whipsaws" />

### [Socioinformational Whipsaws](#socioinformational-whipsaws)

When these signals arrive almost as quickly as their portended trends
change, circumstances emerge which are similar to the a financial
“whipsaw” named because of unprecedented reversals in dynamics of
price/etc. When this happens in sociophysical systems, especially
those which are strongly determined by socioinformational dynamics,
they’re even more perplexing than their financial counterpart. even if
we have the data and tools to analyze such "whipsaw" events in social
systems, then we can only attempt to do so in retrospect.

For more information on "Whipsaw" events in finance, see this article
on [Investopedia](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/w/whipsaw.asp)

<a name="how-bout-that-ai" />

### [How 'Bout That AI?](#how-bout-that-ai)

in our newly hyperconnected society, if a republic can't function in
the midst of crescendoing dysregulation of societies normative
mechanics -- the mechanics of social interactions (IRL/digital/etc)
that compel norms to be questioned, to strengthen, to congeal, to be
acknowledged, or to emerge as conceptualized social magnets of
normifying behavior -- then how does society even discuss these
problems with our government? we can't conduct discourse from within
convoluted filter-bubbles driven by AI operating enigmatically as
black box to determine who sees who, who saw what, and how trends to
proactively drive each of the former will play out: these AI's directs
the attention of millions of falling pupils and flicking thumbs. AI
decides who gets a social media soapbox, who is nearly muted and whose
posts are ironically moot, with nearly no views at all. We indexed
databases and even the internet, and while our inability to
efficiently index AI entities is critical to understanding the
complexity of causality in the digital age, we still fall short of
understanding the structure of interactions between such entities,
which is far more complex.

#### **Nihilism** (ni·​hil·​ism | \ˈnī-(h)ə-ˌli-zəm,) Nothing is Sacred

![Nihilism: Nothing is
Sacred](/img/posts/2018-12-07-the-convolution-of-causality/eye-of-the-beholder-1.jpg)

<a name="how-bout-a-tall-warm-glass-of-nihilism" />

### [How 'Bout a Tall, Warm Glass Of Nihilism?](#how-bout-a-tall-warm-glass-of-nihilism)

This all adds further layers of complexity: if humanity is encumbered
by accelerating ablation of our perception of causality, then how are
we supposed to address how existing forms of governance fail to serve
society when the human process of reasoning about causality itself has
expanded intractibly. whether the means of action are digital or
anthropogenic, our ability to leverage abductive or inductive
reasoning to probe social circumstances or socially distributed
beliefs because similarly confounded. unless people adopt or
rediscover normative mechanics, then people become unable to reason
about life, society and interactions. if causality can't be reasoned
with, the benefits of virtues and of the social institutions which
encourage virtuous behavior to be normative, in several senses, are
moot because people can't connect the dots between their actions their
values compel them to take and the consequences which compel the
*backpropagation* of values that encourages personal development of
the individual's values systems in the direction that person believes
will cause their values to be rewarded further. Instead, the
individual is unable to isolate the latent variables of social action
as they relate to perceived social consequence, so any positive or
negative reinforcement of values are baseless and disproportionate at
best.

<a name="locke-on-causality" />

### [Locke On Causality](#locke-on-causality)

Circling back to the notions of liberty and independence, as they
relate to the individual and to society collectively: if an individual
cannot understand the causal course of action leading them to take
responsibility for their freely chosen actions, then how can the
social aggregate similarly understand how its individuals collective
actions led to trends and outcomes? If individuals' systems of values
become increasingly disconnected to casual processes in
society. Individuals are instinctively compelled to seek affirmation
of how their values connect behavior-types, perception of social
motivations and observation of cause and effect to positive and
negative. Yet, perception of the causal course of events is necessary
for this process. If the notions of virtues and virtuous behavior
gradually break down, then society systemically develops social ills
stemming from gradual dissimilation of individual's incentivization
models -- viz. the factors that motivate action of individuals and
social groups becomes increasingly detached from one another and from
the whole, as without virtues there's no shared sense of values or
commonly valued behavior-types.

<a name="causality-is-a-diffusion-process" />

### [Causality is a Diffusion Process](#causality-is-a-diffusion-process)

In the analytic language of social physics, causality is a [diffusion
process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffusion_process). The problem
is that humanity's practical apprehension of causality is
... untenable, at best. More is to come of this, as I Ching breaks and
reshapes my mind.

#### From the mind of a child to himself:

> "Ideally, what am I supposed to be?

![Ohhhhhhh](/img/posts/2018-12-07-the-convolution-of-causality/ohh.jpg)

... now that convolution of causality has thus rendered intractible
the evaluation and acquisition of values. Who can pose such questions
to himself? A five-year-old? What is this sociophysical diffusion
process?

<a name="stop-nursing-that-glass-of-nihilism" />

### [Stop Nursing That Glass of Nihilism And Do Something](#stop-nursing-that-glass-of-nihilism)

#### Nihilism isn't exactly warm cocoa...

When it's already impossible to cooperatively communicate about
politics, how can we address the problem's that social hyperconnection
causes for a Republic? Further, when the next generation may not be
assumed to have an implicit, albeit perhaps subconscious, appreciation
for congruence of the human condition. As for this generation or the
next, will it be possible to make them care?

#### Hegel Wins

> Preparing to download noumenological forms from the aethereal plane
> of the ineffable mysteries... . . . .

![Hegel Wins](/img/posts/2018-12-07-the-convolution-of-causality/your-morning-on-hegel.jpg)

> . . . ... <!@#$ !$#@!NG> ERROR: SPATIAL COMPLEXITY CONTRAINTS
