---
title: "Semioteleological Revolution: A Sociophysical Phase Change"
categories: "blog"
tags: ""
headline: "The Illuminati is the Anti-Santa"
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---

In a world awash with a deluge of information, it is who tells the
most radiant truth who commands the masses, if they can just be heard.

# [Illuminati: The Anti-Santa](#illuminati-the-anti-santa)

### [What if Santa Clause Snuck In Your House, Stole All Your Cookies and Set Your House on Fire?](#what-if-santa)

# [What Does Metaphysics Have To Do With The Illuminati, Anyways?](#what-does-metaphysics-have-to-do-with-the-illuminati)

<a name="illuminati-the-anti-santa" />

# [Illuminati: The Anti-Santa](#illuminati-the-anti-santa)

The illuminati is like the Anti-Santa. Nope, the Anti-Santa is not
Jesus and you're going to wish it was.

<a name="what-if-santa-burnt-your-house-down" />

### [What if Santa Clause Snuck In Your House, Stole All Your Cookies and Set Your House on Fire?](#what-if-santa-burnt-your-house-down)

Why call them the Anti-Santa? You start off believing they're not
real, but once you become about 30 years old, it's impossible to not
believe in them if you're not clueless. When you believe in them, if
you're good, they being you lots of coal. If you're real bad, they'll
bring you presents and then use your sins to destroy you later. They
don't come down your chimney, they sneak in your house and close the
flue, but only if you're worth the effort to cover their tracks. The
Illuminati almost never directly does *anything* because invisibility
is paramount: you can fight what you believe exists.

#### Cookies? So You Can Gaslight Me? Do I Look Like Hansel?

![Ain't Nobody Got Time For That]()

> Not gonna lie, I will eat your cookies though.

There is no one group though, why is partially why it's so easy to
forget they couldn't possibly not exist. The Illuminati is more of a
manifestation of evil that projects itself into the world through the
collective unconscious exigencies of the nature of power combined with
certain aspects of the human condition.

<a name="what-does-metaphysics-have-to-do-with-the-illuminati" />

# [What Does Metaphysics Have To Do With The Illuminati, Anyways?](#what-does-metaphysics-have-to-do-with-the-illuminati)

Furthermore, if you're trapped with the false paradigm of metaphysics
that ascends primarily from the material, you can never actually
believe they exist, rationally, which is why that false paradigm is
soo convenient to the Illuminati. This is partially why western
cultures will often present the opposite paradigm as heresy: because
if you believe in idealistic metaphysics, you actually can see what is
happening around you. If you don't, you're simply a powerless consumer
feeding the rich. This is yet another reason why Marxism is precisely
its own antithesis.  Marxism is not liberating, it is enslaving.

Idealistic metaphysics has its own problems, but new age voodoo is
easy enough to dismiss with a healthy dose of rationalism. Another
serious problem is that, once you sociologically extrapolate it, the
after the order du jour is established, your place in society is
almost entirely determined by your place at birth and the
sociophysical circumstances that surround you. If that such world
order or state order serves the people well, this is a very good
thing. If it does not, it can end up being horrible. As long as the
social contract must be upheld, the people are likely being served
well by their state. However, a well established order extrapolated
from idealistic metaphysics is difficult to disrupt.

What is an example of such an order? Japan. It is an incredibly strong
society with a rich culture and an incredibly strong sense of shared
identity, where even the language reflects this understanding of
metaphysics. It was only possible for Japan to develop all of this
because it was geographically isolated from the mainland, but China
shares many of these same qualities. Taoism and Shinto provide
interesting reflection on these ideas.

Therefore, there's not much chance for revolution and progress in the
class struggle without sociometaphysical churn: you need both. You
must *use* both the idealistically and materially derived
conceptualizations of metaphysics. Yet, the stability of a society is
incredibly important, so if the philosophical underpinnings of your
language, culture and state are not acceptably stable and strong, you
will not have a stable society.

#### Literally, Underpinnings. Ever Try To Build A Castle In A Swamp?

![Underpinnings](/img/posts/2018-01-22-semioteleological-revolution/underpinnings.jpg)

### [You Only Get One Dialectical Method](#you-only-get-one-dialectical-method)

#### You're An Undergrad Philosphy Major In A Liberal Academic Safe Space.

#### You Must Choose Between Material Or Idealistic: Go!

They are basically the same process starting from opposite ends, in a
way. If I had to choose, what would I prefer? Idealistic metaphysics
because it is the truth and the truth sets you free. But some truths
are created and in themselves only are derived from happenings in the
material world: history. Of course history is truth that you must deal
with, but it is not THE Truth. The Truth is everywhere: it is timeless
and spaceless. The Truth echoes from beyond the material world and it
determines the course of all phenomena through fate.

#### It's a Good Thing This Isn't Saw. Why Do I Have To Pick A Team Anyways?

![Saw](/img/posts/2018-01-22-semioteleological-revolution/saw-meme.jpg)

#### .... Safe Spaces, Am I Right? Who TF Invited That Saw Guy Anyways?

<a name="who-are-the-illuminati-and-why-are-they-such-assholes-anyways" />

# [Who Are The Illuminati And Why Are They Such Assholes Anyways?](#who-are-the-illuminati-and-why-are-they-such-assholes-anyways)

So ... No, the Illuminati is not one group and that's worse! because
you can't so easily destroy them without either becoming them or
having another group swoop in to fill in the power vacuum. if you
don't accept this, you have no business trying to fight them because
you'll probably just make things worse.

#### The Singularity as Lavos, Meaning Fire, A Demonic Transplanar Entity Which Destroys the World in 1999

> Magus Summoning Lavos, Only To Have Deluded Himself About His Power
> To Destroy It.

![Magus Summoning Lavos](/img/posts)

The Illuminati, in is various incarnations, has been destroyed time
and time again, only to be reborn. They view themselves as necessary
evil *and they hate themselves for it*. That's important to rememeber,
since these psychotic assholes view love and hate to be identical
phenomena, essentially. They don't play fair and they push against
themselves to make themselves stronger, viewing the strongest, most
pure, most cunning as being the rightful de facto leaders in their own
invisible, decentralized power structures.

<a name="how-can-pindar-lead-an-anonymous-decentralized-group-of-cigar-smoking-men" />

### [How Can Pindar Lead an Anonymous, Decentralized Group Of
Cigar-Smoking Men?](#how-can-pindar-lead-an-anonymous-decentralized-group-of-cigar-smoking-men)

Why is "Pindar" their leader? Because Pindar's vision and authenticity
is unparalleled. They are constantly looking for the person that has
what they do not. Pindar is not a single person, per se. Pindar only
derives his authority from his resistance to their flame, but they do
not know who Pindar is because they are looking for the person who can
see what they do not. And the Illuminati have meticulously crafted
mechanisms for ensuring the properly networked architecture of
society, all decentralized and autonomous. It is outlined similarly to
the sheaf and the reaper, the merchant of souls.

So, they cannot recognize him, but because they seek to so tightly
control the prevalence narratives, myths and especially history, they
hate this person. He is the blinding one who tells stories they cannot
understand or writes truths which cannot so easily be perceived. They
hate him, but they need him because he can see what they cannot -- yet
a person like this can never be given power in their understanding of
the world.

# [What Was The Sword in the Stone?](#the-sword-in-the-stone)

The illuminati have crafted myth and legend, narratives of heroes
which are meant to play out generation after generation, that function
to establish filters that cause the virtuous, righteous and
intelligent to sift higher into society, so that their society is as
strong as possible. The sword in the stone is such a myth, probably
crafted by Merlin -- or the unknown historical Merlin.





- Mention Aika-chan?
- why does this have to focus on the Rothschilds? it's really not
  about that.

- maybe use this title for another post: Semioteleological Revolution:
  A Sociophysical Phase Change

- she just had to do it. she went and gots #Teel #Heir. the
  #Rothschild's track those things down and use them mercilessly.

![Teal Hair Anime Girl - "tee-ru"]()

- i don't know any of this is actually Rothschild's fault #LOL
  - it's so easy to blam things on powerful people because ... well
    obviously "they had the power to stop it, but didn't, right?" not
    everyone has Rothschild-level problems, but shit that's what i'd
    do if I weren't me

I *almost* went to one of these sessions in Boulder, CO, but my
manager was such a dick that day, i totally forgot about it. the
#AlexanderMethod is a metaphor.

fortunately, i was smart enough to have already understood the method
as a metaphor for "limb" control. in Elfen Lied, psychics with phantom
limbs are tightly controlled and restrained in isolation. These are
incredibly powerful beings tormented by experimentation & never
released.

### メードのデートスル

![](/img/posts/)

i'm not saying there's a connection between me, Boulder & the
Rothschilds. All I mean is that that my manager was the most
insufferable asshole i've ever met, like he was Salaryman
Stalin. anyways: no point in fighting über-powerful people, unless
you're sadomasochistic. In fact, I'm pretty sure the Rothschilds would
be on my side -- they hate communism because it means they lose
control over vast regions of socioeconomic territory to another main
branch of the Illuminati.

![Tanya the Evil]()

however, every body has a brain (mother brain)

#### メトロイド =~ [Matroid]()


If i were the Rothschild's i would read the "crazy" *literal* treatise
written by this poor insufferable *schizophrenic* because it was laid
out with a very clear understanding of their own philosophies and
methods.

[Treatise on entity and agency]()


> Please note: I am *not* talking about the Rothschild's, **duh**,
> jeez you must think I have a deathwish. I do, by the way, but not
> that kind of deathwish -- holy shit! That's the kind of deathwish
> that curses your family for generations. You do not want those kind
> of reapers in your closet. Besides, the Rothschilds are wonderful
> people, to be sure ... Can someone get me the name of another
> banking dynasty before these people track me down?

Apparently überpowerful people --  -- have an unnatural phobia of illicit
philosophy. more than anything else, they are scared of people who
think in new and different ways because PEOPLE WHO ARE DIFFERENT CAN'T
BE PREDICTED.

Thus, sociologically constrain the typology & metatypological aspects
of psychology -- perhaps by introducing artificial belief systems,
however contemptuously you may hold them -- & people become like
special dolls with meta/types imbued onto them via Alchemy, like
Manakin Skywalker right here.

### Dark Ruler

![Just Dark Ruler]()


There's hardly anything unique about this process. It has been
reinstantiated & reiterated & combinated through the ages.
Information Warfare is competitive Symbology where the victors
understand the evolutionary dynamics & actually had the
social/financial resources to play.

what generally überpowerful #PPL cannot stand is someone who
encourages #PEOPLE to think in unpredictable ways. this vastly expands
the sociophysical gamespace. they already have control. why do they
need you? this applies to whatever group your conspiracy theory of
choice blames

you might say they view themselves as #Reapers guarding over #COVERS
of sociophysical spaces, who manage cities, states, regions, groups &
ideas as ppl that manage #SHEAVES, in both the #Teleological sense AND
the #Mathematical sense, which begs some pretty interesting questions

#### The Ironically Void Imagery of Communism In An Era of Automation

![Hammer and Sickle]()

these same ppl are relieved that humanity is becoming weak and more
predictable, even though to society at large, technology appears to be
doing the opposite. that is false: humanity is becoming weaker than
ever before bc we are losing the ability to semeoteleologically
reproduce.

"semioteleological" what does that word even mean? i invented it. i
checked. i have screenshots from google proving that no other person
EVER thought to use that word because no one has thought of
metatypological aspects of sociology so methodologically.

it perfectly describes why symbols whose meaning was so obvious for so
long have suddenly and nearly completely lost all their relevance to
humanity. thus, we are becoming completely disconnected from the myths
which helped inculcate the values systems via teleology.

we *think* that technology and science are all we need, but we are
wrong. we think that we no longer need religion or myth, but we are
sooo wrong. we have never needed it more.

#### Steel that word, assholes. I dare you.

![Teal Girl]()

i never said i couldn't be wrong about the people who occupy ivory
towers, but some of them need to be brought down. i don't know who is
responsible for this, but if *you* don't pay for *this*, how can we
expect *anyone* to pay for their crimes in the future?

> "If you see fraud and you don't shout fraud, then you ARE a fraud" - @nntaleb

- The problem here is that every group who promises revolution ends up
  being the same as those they quelled.
  - it's par for the course, at best. after considering the social
    carnage accompanying revolution, it just doesn't leave you with
    much ground to stand on.

![Robespierre and a Guillotine]()

- why is it different this time?

- Divine Right vs. the mandate of heaven

#### Expound Notes from "The Spear of Destiny and Splicing Families" ?



#### Dynasties

- what are the methods of inheretence of power called?

- three families close to the japanese emperor for hundreds of years
  - how this served the best interests of the japanese culture
    - before, during and after the time of Nobunaga
  - the emporer had the best interests of the state and the people in
    mind. to serve him was to serve the best interests of everyone.
    - but in order for the emperor and the state to serve the people,
      they had to be connected to the people.
    - over the course of generations, those close to the emperor, the
      families closest to his estate and to the government could
      "move" closer to the emperor by proving themselves
      - this is how it worked with most if not all monarchies, but
        it's interesting how well it worked in Japan, since that
        monarchy has lasted so long. It also lasted a very long time
        in Iran, so it'd be equally interesting to explore there.
      - this dynamic of moving closer and further from the monarch by
        having one's service/character assessed seems to have resulted
        in the system being architected around this.
        - japan also had very tight control of their culture. being
          east-most and geographically separate, they had less inward
          informational sociophysical flux than most, so this made it
          slightly easier to do so.
        - (it seems that this tight control of culture can be seen in
          Shinto, which is a religion that's not meant for people
          outside of japan AFAIK)
      - further, idealistic metaphysics is encoded into their
        language, grammar and thus culture. (see the particle "no")
        - this may cause the Japanese people to think about things
          differently, especially when compared to cultures speaking
          western languages, where there is so much emphasis on
          quantity, possession and the material.
          - i'm not saying one is better than the other...

#### The Dalai Lama As A Metaphysical Dynasty

- The mantle of the Dalai Lama is passed from one generation to
  another. The child to become the Dalai Lama must be identified by
  the Panchan Lama and initiated properly, otherwise he is *not* the
  Dalai Lama. China kidnapped the child identified to become the
  Panchan Lama. This means that this could not have been properly
  initated himself by the current Dalai Lama. If you believe this
  child is capable of identifying a true Dalai Lama in the next
  generation, you are a fool and know nothing of Tibetan traditions.

- If the Panchan Lama is not initiated properly, the Lama lineage
  itself is threatened, but perhaps all is not lost. I don't want to
  explain why.

- How is this a unique dynasty? How is it a good selection of
  leadership for Tibet? To me, this is what is most intriguing about
  the position of Dalai Lama as the highest role of authority in
  Tibet.

<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WoMVfvS8rSo" frameborder="0"
allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# Fighting with shadows

#### your enemy will be ruthless & destroy you immediately

#### learn to dance with them, you're going to need it.

#### wear your scars proudly. Commit yourself to no actions for which
the consequences you cannot wear proudly.

- they will try to shame you with both their values systems, your own
  and all the miscontortions of both.

- they will have a weapon that they will never let go of. it's not a
  fair fight. it never was. do not allow your space to become choked
  out: you need air, water, fire. you need people. you need food.

- when that one doesn't work, they have plenty more you've never
  seen. enjoy each and every one you get the chance to see because
  each one is special. some are never meant to be seen ... for long.

  - story of the house from "The Ancient Magus Bride"
  - some people never leave. you get to take one thing home with you.
    i took them all and made new ones.
  - the longer that you withstand baptism by fire without dying, the
    more of these you bring home with you.

#### make them grab the weapon they didn't intend to use. your weapon is
  the way itself.

#### bait them into breaking their precious things

#### grab their eyes with your fearless gaze & never let go


#### when they are certain you'll strike, feint instead



#### be ready to fight with shadows

- these are all the neutral people who have been poisoned against
  you. it is critical to remember that *they are not your enemy*.
  - you must become formless when you fight your true enemy.
- if you do not or cannot develop a "sixth sense" at this point, you
  should just give up.

#### once you will start fighting with shadows you will become weary fast

- you maintain this burn rate for sociophysical energy. every
  interaction you encounter will be seen as neutral by the other
  people, while they have heard much about you. be wary, you're under
  a microscope and anything you do will be used against you.
  - instead, display such radiant truth that those who are set against
    you cannot possibly continue to assail you.
  - in this way, they will become demoralized first, then will begin
    to question those who set them upon you. finally, they will
    realize the truth all along.
- however, if you are sociophysically isolated before this happens,
  you may wake up to realize you have nothing. there are several
  dangers here, but the truth is that nothing may become the greatest
  asset you have for carrying forward on the path you that should
  truly be on, which is your own path and the path of truth. both must
  be one and the same if you are to hope for success.
  - if you can resist falling for the first things your enemy offers
    you as appeasement, then you will find that having nothing offers
    your enemy nothing to take away. they have nothing to threaten and
    nothing to harm. you have nothing to lose. no one can claim you
    are predicating your decisions on what you have because you have
    nothing -- except the truth and what you stand for.
    - do not accept gifts from the source of your problems, if you do
      not validate them first. they may simply be trojan horses, at
      best.

- reference Mordecai protesting by wearing a potato sack

#### when they pull you into the hall of mirrors, you're fighting shadows
  of yourself that do not exist

- if they invite you to battle in the hall of mirrors, it is for
  show. they seek to desecrate your image and your story, using you as
  the moral to their story.
  - instead, you must destroy their images and your reflections
    too. destroy all of the image that cannot be used to serve your
    interests or feed your energy. it is the only way to win
  - let the only thing to remain be your own authenticity.

- when you cannot lose, slay them by pushing them into their own
  weapon: *THE ONE THEY NEVER INTENDED TO EXIST*

- know your enemy. know yourself
  - your enemy will see to throw you off guard by (pushing your
    buttons)

- in your victory, do not become your enemy, in who they were or are
  or in who you were or have become

- path of least resistance?


#### Would You Like A Whiff of Grape Shot With Your Latte, Trust-Fund Leninist?

![Whiff of Grapeshot]()
