---
title: "I Ching: "
categories: "blog"
tags: ""
headline: ""
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---

The Book of Changes is one whose density of wisdom contained within
depends on the wisdom of the reader. Those more acquainted with the
profound will withdraw far more than the uninitiated, but I suspect
that, like many other great philosophical works, it is a book to
return to again and again. As a book of wisdom, the fruits of epiphany
it bears reflect the seeker's wisdom and mind.

At this point, I've written more pages about the I Ching than I've
read, ignoring Carl Jung's forward and Wilhelm's introduction. I
almost want to cry for not having read the I Ching before now, though
my own struggling to find the answers which it and the Tao Te Ching so
clearly lay out certainly magnify the appreciation I feel,
understanding vividly what lies behind Wilhelm's analysis of the
text. I am compelled by the same visceral magnetism that led to
Leibniz's connection with the text. It complemented his pursuits: not
merely those of binary numbers, but perhaps moreso that of
[Characteristica
Universalis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Characteristica_universalis).


- segue from brief intro on Yin/Yang to:

![Handdrawn Chart of the 64 Hexagram]()

Show in the messy notes to the right: Taiji or Tai Chi means,
literally, the Great Ridgepole. For a truss-style roof, a ridgepole is
the central beam to which rafters connect. Together, these frame the
support structure for the roof rafters, which themselves can be
horizontally fixed in place by various styles of
[purlins](https://en.wikipedia.com/wiki/Purlin). However, the roof
supports itself through an implicit arch, which directs the stresses
inward into the ridgepole, which acts as a conduit.

In traditional Japanese building frames, these structures are all
built without nails, using intricate joints carved with ancient
[Japanese Woodworking techniques](). These joints are more than
sufficient, allowing the building structures to scale larger than
expected, since wood without nails....

- link video
- which is (the name of the) large beam used in most traditional-style
  houses in Asia and especially Japan.

棟木 (munagi)

棟上げ式 (muneageshiki)

- TODO: move to footnotes: [A House Without
Nails](https://www.popularmechanics.com/home/outdoor-projects/how-to/a1506/4213580/)

There is also a similar central supporting beam found in #Pagoda
design. That this translation simultaneously points to the foundations
of Eastern philosophy as well as a central supporting element in
Eastern masonry is far more than a simple metaphor, but this forms a
central supporting feature in Taoist philosophy after the development
of Taiji. The Great Ridgepole frames (everything) and (acts as a
similar conduit for challenges).

- Whereas Western philosophy seems to dismiss similar metaphysical
  conceptions as inevitably tending towards necessitating circular
  logic, Eastern philosophers resolved the problem of (dualism)
  through
  - clarify what i mean (and in what context)

Neat trivia about a Pagoda’s central beam: it gives earthquake
resistance *while* being free-standing — i.e. you can push hard on the
vertical beam in a pagoda and it will move. Why?  Because of how the
delays in mechanical movement, in combination with the wood’s
proportions and relative flexibility, allow it to absorb tectonic
fluctuations from an earthquake. It is mechanically #Harmonic in how
it dissipates fluctuations, allowing it to withstand far more than the
average person assumes of wood. This is why buildings in Asia were far
taller than in Europe throughout history, until before the
introduction of steel.

- does the pagoda-type with an odd number of floors require it to
  balance out the vibrations?

- As temples, do pagodas symbolize a connection between Heaven and
  Earth?
  - How then does the symbolism of the Ridgepole and the protection it
    provides against Earth's tectonic force propound the (intersection
    of these sets of symbols)

The above fact in combination with Tai Chi’s definition as “the Great
Ridgepole” (has me thinking about) the resonance and harmonics of
socioepistemic structures in metaphysics. Although I’ve been thinking
about that since I’ve been on about social physics, (it seems like
it’s an old idea, more or less), but (not quite as precisely realized
as it could be.)


- segue discussing the I Ching: mention the influence/purpose of The
  Creative and Receptive, in relation to socioepeistemic structures,
  their replication, harmonization, stratification
  - allude to GIF of conway's game of life as a visualization of
    replication of socioepistemic structures.
    - (increasing population density tends to expand geosocial flux of
      information) ... (which correlates to) these structures tending
      to arise more numerously ... increasing complexity, accelerating
      rates of evolution and therefore requiring adaption by
      sophisication
    -

- TODO: perhaps move this section to the end (i don't want to turn off
  readers by mentioning Graph Theory right off the bat.)
- To understand the motivation behind changing lines, consider the
  maximal and minimal probabilities of a complete change from one
  hexagram into another, which is found in hexagrams 1 and 2: The
  Creative and The Receptive. With the original Yarrow sticks method:
  the probabilities of sampling a nine `p(9) = 1/16` where Yin changes
  into Yang and `p(6) = 3/16` where Yang changes into Yin. Consider a
  complete graph of 64 nodes that connects all hexagrams by edges to
  all other hexagrams with one additional representing each unchanging
  hexagram, which connects each node to itself. Then, with six lines
  of Yang given to The Creative, if you consider all of its 63
  changing hexagrams, it has the most maximal sum of probabilities of
  all Hexagrams. Further, The Creative's potential to change into its
  opposite hexagram is the most likely such change to occur for all
  hexagrams. The hexagram least likely to change is The Receptive.
  - Therefore, the hexagram representing pure Yang will always prevail
    over the hexagram of pure Yang: Heaven remains unmoved by
    Earth. (NOPE)
  - For any hexagram, only one in eight of its Yin lines will be nines
    and contribute to the changed hexagram, whereas nearly one in two
    Yang lines will do the same.
  - After the Yarrow method was popularized, its users perhaps noticed
    that there was an opportunity to emphasize the special occurance
    of sixes and nines, since their probability weights did not affect
    the perfect harmony of Yin and Yang's distribution. Once the
    possibility of changing lines was considered, this left two
    options for determining which would be associated to a Yin change
    and which would be associated to a Yang change.
    - However, if the assignment of Yin and Yang to eight/nine and
      symbolically emphasizes the precedence of

- explain that inbound edge probabilities determine the probability of
  the changed hexagram.
- probabilities for outbound edges from each node will always sum to
  one, whereas probabilities for inbound edges to each node do not sum
  to one. yet, because of the former constraint, the probabilities of
  inbound edges must have balance. whereas the hexagrams read before
  changing lines are considered are evenly sampled, the changing
  hexagrams reflect the statistical distortion induced by the
  disparity in inbound & outbound edge probability sums.
  - This disparity is correlated to Yin and Yang, tending to evoke
    changed hexagrams that have a greater number of Yin lines, given
    the relative probabilities of inbound edges. This would appear to
    favor Yin, but if the I Ching speaks to man through random events,
    whose significance is perhaps influenced by some metaphysical
    agency, then conceivably it seeks to correct the balance from Yin
    to Yang: to intervene using man to transform Earth into Heaven. Or
    perhaps the intent of whoever initiated the custom of changing
    lines wanted to favor Yin so that those using the Book of Changes
    would tend to enact transformation skewed towards Yang.

- (segue into a discussion on how the) I Ching performed a
  (socioevolutionary) function by (emphasizing) a statistical system whose
  probabilities were connected to the symbolic implications implied by
  those events, especially for changing hexagrams.
  - if you couldn't understand the symbolism motivating the assignment
    of six to Yin and nine to Yang, then you likely didn't understand
    the significance of the impact that values of `1/16` and `3/16`
    have on influencing the likelihood of transitions to changing
    hexagrams.
    - similarly, if you weren't proficient at navigating changing
      hexagrams or couldn't demonstrate awareness of when the pair of
      hexagrams truly was rare, then it meant you probably couldn't
      display an authentic appreciation of the symbolism implied by
      readings, which is connected to intuition of the underlying
      statistics.
    - in this way, I Ching doubles as divination for counselors to
      advise rulers, but also as [dowsing]() for rulers to select
      counselors who understand statistics. after all, who can
      honestly foretell the future that doesn't have intuition for
      statistics.



=====




# Book I


## (1) The Creative

#### Comparisons to the images of creation as rains falling onto the earth

- TODO: move some of this to footnotes

From my [Treatise On Entity And
Agency](http://te.xel.io/posts/2017-10-12-treatise-on-entity-and-agency.html?fbclid=IwAR1h2VD63NwVH7OKYhyoNR6p-ojGz6HXsj84uTCwlblAwR-P38HatV_978c),
which has been intimated as “dangerous” but is nothing more than what
Philosophy of Agency studied in 19th century’s France/England -- and
which is discussed in more clear detail in [Stanford's Encyclopedia of
Philosophy](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/agency/).

Therein that treatise, I reference a passage where I describe the
Creation as rain failing from the heavens, shaped by and shaping the
Firmament. It’s admittedly cryptic though precise language emphasizes
a reverence for the metaphor linking Creation of the material with
Creation of the earthly manifestations of metaphysical undertones;
those that shaped and routed the waters flowing through our early
minds to evolve into what our consciousness came to acknowledge as the
*images of God’s form* reflected onto earth as the minds of men.


Here's another article [Awareness Precipitates from Order Out of
Chaos](http://te.xel.io/posts/2017-09-14-awareness-precipitates-from-order-out-of-chaos.html?fbclid=IwAR1JFMsAO-9qJYIv6Me60iFyBj-uSXxTdU2nTUTnzTE7yxhrN0S64IOMn-gq),
which discusses the notion of
"Perfraction" of form throughout space — which I introduce to describe
the eternity of forms that evolve necessarily to consciousness in
**All Systems**, with merely two requirements:

##### (1) Chaos
##### and (2) Sufficient Running Time

Furthermore, given the eternal nature of the All, and the requirement
self-reinforcing logicality necessary for it to exist, then in all
possible worlds, the most outer forms that constitute true reality
must always be the same. Still, for simulations of chaos within our
own world, we may constrain the parameters so that, from within such
simulations, the "outer forms" which emanate the reflection of their
form into the forms of awareness arising within chaos, then may be
different in nature from the true, most outer forms. It would seem
that Leibniz and so many of the others who have surveyed I Ching, Tao
Te Ching and the missing works of Pre-Han intellectuals in China is
true: This are more mathematic definitions of what the Wilhelm’s
analysis on I Ching discusses here:

> “[Heaven’s] energy is represented as unrestricted by any fixed
> conditions in space and is therefore conceived of as motion. **Time
> is regarded as the basis of this motion**”

> And here “The beginning of all things lies *still* [motionless] in the
> beyond *in the form of ideas that have yet to become real”

> And “the Tao, which as a law running through end [firstmost as it’s
> eternal] and beginning, brings about all phenomena in time ... Time
> is no longer a hindrance...”

#### Notes on the lines from "The Creative" and on Wilhelm's Analysis

the first two lines of this hexagram describe the birth and
development of a great man who is at first "among his peers" and thus
difficult to spot.  as he owns his accomplishments by virtue of them
being by his own hands, he "does not allow himself to be influenced by
outward success or failure". this compounds the difficulty in
distinguishing this man from other, but these passages could be moreso
received, upon analysis or study, as advice for becoming this man who
the Tao favors and who rises from among his peers. That is what is
playing out: the Tao manifests itself in sociophysical chaos and from
the combinations of actions, reactions and cultivation of values
emerges a gradation of man, where the more virtuous who by the benefit
of their exemplary engagement in the chaotic combination of their
circumstances rises up.

> "one need not fear, lest strong will should not prevail; the main
> thing is *not* to expend one's powers prematurely in an attempt to
> obtain by force something for which the time is not yet ripe"

This is the most prudent advice for myself that I've encountered thus
far in the analysis on this hexagram.

> "Many a great man has been ruined because the masses flocked to him
> and swept him into their course. Ambition has destroyed his
> integrity."

I know of this danger well, though I can't say it happened to me
exactly. The great man must make his own way and, like I mentioned
above, must own his own success as well as his failures. Getting swept
up in the response to own's initial successes is but one of many early
and constant tests that you will encounter *as you begin to rise*. It
is responsible for the early fall of so many who want to believe their
innate qualities have proved themselves more than enough, without
understanding that what their older colleagues have experienced has
left wisdom that the younger cannot yet relate to.

> "He who remains in touch with the time that is dawning ..."

This also speaks to me. You must never stop searching for continual,
unending, self-improvement -- your capacity to do so and the undying
need which drives your passion is critical to develop and to
feed. That said, you cannot lose touch with the nature of miraculous
seed & surrounding social soil that has brought you here. This is like
beginner's mind and requires balance to maintain with the demand for
continual adaptation.

> "He can go the way of the hero or that of the holy sage who seeks
> seclusion"

This reminds me of the legend of the Buddha's birth, where it was
pre-ordained that he would become a great warrior king or a spiritual
leader. Why are the two fates ultimately so intertwined? Are they
necessarily mutally exclusive?

##### The Fifth Line

> Confucius says "Things that accord in tone vibrate together..."

This is worth pondering, to consider the ideas of resonance in the
context of a spectral understanding of social physics and of epistemic
structures. The resonance of form is powerful, as are its effects on
the resulting magnetism pushing/pulling sociophysical forces and
socioepistemic structures. There are laws that govern such magnetism
and resonance; things are much simpler to consider in these terms.

> (Confucius) "Thus the sage arises, all creatures follow him with
> their eyes. What is born of heaven feels related to what is above.
> What is born of earth feels related to what is below. Each follows
> its own kind."

Here, Confucius mentions that the sage rises and, in the context of
the sociophysical imperative of direction of attention, all things
turn their attention towards his motion, upward. The sage is setting
various facets of the frame(s) consciously and unconsciously by
various groupings of the collective agents in society. In this way,
the sage compels society to gradate themselves along those epistemic
components of their frame(s) -- this occurs after ideas with
implications of virtue and morality are established in the minds of
those the sage's magnetism begins to stratify and separate. Those
forms with affinity to heaven begin to arise themselves; those with
affinity for earth are pulled downwards. "Each follows its own kind."

## (2) The Receptive


### The Cardinal Directions: A Sociophysical Interface Between Creative and Receptive

Wilhelm's elaboration of the inclusion of "South and West, North and
East" in the *Judgement* for **(2) The Receptive** has a sociophysical
explanation that makes more sense for ancient China, yet still applies
to the modern world in a different way.

#### Wilhelm notes:

> "The time of toil and effort is indicated by the west and the south,
> for west and south symbolize the place where the Receptive works for
> the Creative, as nature does in summer and autumn ... Hence to find
> friends there means to find guidance ... The east symbolizes the
> place where a man receives orders from his master, and the north the
> place where he reports on what he has done."

The intuition of the key to understanding this is found in the
physical orientation of power centers whereof arise the gradient of
power flow in Chinese dynasties after the Bronze Age. For all
pre-modern societies, where are the roots of social hierarchies sown?
In the expansive agricultural regions of the civilization. From here,
all networks of power can be derived. Agricultural centers worldwide
require adjacency to rivers for irragation, but in China, the west and
south were disconnected from ports and river deltas; these are *all*
found in the east. To the north of China can be found the regions of
greatest conflict. What gives rise to conflict in the ancient world?
The intersection of geoeconomic interests; in ancient China until
after the rise of Khan, this manifested as an eternal ebb and flow of
empire: dynastic expansion and contraction.

#### From *Thermal Convection of Information* in [Speed of Thought: Sociophysical Postulates I-X1](/posts/2017-10-30-speed-of-thought-sociophysical-postulates-1-to-11)

> Imagine the sun rising in the Far East. It heats up the air and
> water, giving us wind and ocean currents, but doesn't its
> sociophysical energy also reverberate through humanity? As the world
> turns each day, there is random motion moving from the east to the
> west, driving social interactions. Pushing through the noise are
> faint, low frequency waves of cultural information rippling over and
> reflecting between geographic features. Vacuums of low population
> density taper this resonance. Between the centers of civilization,
> the dispersion of information is strained through translingual
> membrane, limiting the number of social connections over which
> information can cross. These metaphors are not perfect, as behavior
> was not coordinated and our modes of transportation were limited
> throughout history.

Therefore, from eternal forms of the down *tao*, one can intimate the
eternal leylines of power. From this understanding is found the
quasi-psychic skill of [map-dousing](), where one virtualizes in the
mind the geoeconomic expansion, contraction and flow of sociophysical
energies across a map of the ancient world. If you know where the
roads, rivers, ports and economic anchors were, you can imagine the
figurative rivers and valleys determining the flow of people, trade
and information. So, sampling the average person in ancient China,
these would be the most relavent directions for the flow of trade and
authority.

In the modern world, the roots and hierarchies for networks of power
are no longer bound so strongly to geography: instead they are
logically defined. However, generalizations can still be abstracted
about the flow of economic influence and social authority.

### Hoarfrost and Ice: The Sociophysical Speed of Sound and Impact of Seasons

Whereas the first hexagram is about the time's relation to the
emanation of etherial forms, the second hexagram is about space.  Why
does sound flow faster in steel or air?  The density of a medium's
packed particles determines the speed of sound, as well as the
dispersion characteristics. If a material is crystalline, sound's
spectral content is moreso preserved.

Regardless of the mach for sociophysical information flow, [Reynold's
Number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reynolds_number) is far more
important; it is connected to the speed of sound, but moreso
determines when turbulence emerges in fluids.  Sociophysical systems
are already chaotic enough, as they don't preserve
equilibrium. However, the density and relative surface area over which
particles move determines the flow of information. However, especially
in agrarian societies, where all communication, whether interpersonal
or postal, must be primarily physical. Therefore, the geosocial flow
of people determines medium's characteristics for carrying
information.

Seasonal changes are incredibly important in this regard. As one
approaches winter, hoarfrost sets in. The cartesian range over which
people move becomes more constrained to roads and rivers; in some
cases, the latter freezes over. Thus, the geosocial medium which
carries information becomes viscous. Flows of information become
prioritized and the particles become more objective-oriented. There is
generally less travel. these One. This deters the Creative from
projecting his will throughout society, but also the Receptive (from
realizing this)

- the key here, for both the Creative and Receptive, is to understand
  how society's rhythms determine your posture to interface with it at
  any given time

...

That dynamics and metrics of interpersonal connections were longer in
duration and more localized in winter; and exhibited opposing or
complementary dynamics in other seasons: for rising members of lower
classes to interface with their economic superiors, this observations
and the dependent calculations were necessary.

- expand on seasonal flows of information

- Because of its reliance on modular arithmetic, the Yarrow Sticks
  method provides a method that yields samples tending to a nearly
  perfect uniform random distribution. It does so with no implicit
  bias from a physical method, whether or not bias would be
  intentional as with weighted dice. They are oriented towards the
  logical nature of the process, free from skew ind


- Squaring the Circle
  - are the symbols of heaven and earth as circle and square, related
    to the metaphor of Squaring the Circle which itself symbolizes the
    Monte Carlo method of stochastically generating a continually more
    perfect value for pi?

  - describe why the Yarrow sticks method leads to such a uniform
    sampling.
    - yarrow sticks are slow. page numbers or sampling decks from a
      card.
    - describe a 64x64 grid. determine whether each grid in the square
      is inside or outside of the circle.
      - for the pixels on the boundary of the circle, there is a
        simple method where you can mostly eliminate the skew induced
        in sampling: simply apply your samples to three different
        descriptions of the circle.
        - one includes all pixels on the boundary
        - one excludes all boundary pixels
        - the last one weights all the boundary pixels with the slope
          of the circle's tangent at the midpoint of the circle's arc
          through the pixel. since this value is difficult to
          calculate, one can instead solve the circle's equation for
          `y` to receive `x` (when the circle crosses a pixel's
          horizontal edges) and `x` to receive `y` (when a circle
          crosses a pixel's vertical edges). given these edgepoint
          values for each pixel, then calculate the approximate area
          of the pixel within the edge and outside the edge. doing so
          is still complicated when you lack

# (Astrology)

(Further, )the seasons corresponded to fluctuations in birth rates,
which gave rise to dynamics in timing for toddler's accumulation of
interpersonal interaction time: children conceived in winter spent
their first months with family in winter; those conceived in summer
spent initial months of more receptive developmental periods during
harvest and festival season. i.e. those conceived in summer were
slightly older when experiencing a higher accumulation of
interpersonal connection time that rhythmically coincided with harvest
season.

###

These dynamics are among those responsible for precipitation of
unconscious metatypes in development of infant psychology, which were
*assumed* to occur in relation to astrological signs. Still, the
course of action could have only been speculated upon by ancient
peoples. However, they could see or thought they could know the
specifics of such astrologically oriented metatypes. It was therefore
why astrology become systematized. Once the systems were in place and
the knowledge was socially dispersed, then the ends achieves the
means; i.e. the knowledge of astrology, if people believed in it,
developed a life of its own. The mechanisms of action for placebo
would become stronger and more likely to

Zodiac was necessary for marking those who were born. Similar to
indexing a database table by datetime to facilitate sorting and
filtering, once astrology was in place, people became more likely to
reason about their astrological sign. Moreover, if it was necessary to
manipulate the social dynamics of psychological development --
particularly on a semi-generational basis, then establishing the
archetypes of astrological signs provides the basis for dispersion of
sociophysical programs predicated upon sign, but more likely year of
birth. Not to jump to conclusions, but in Chinese astrology, the year
of birth is given its own sign. These annual signs were far easier to
remember than calendar years, which required sufficient projection of
power to establish widely and would quickly subside were literacy not
widespread. Therefore, astrological signs, being cyclic, were far more
useful as the average person could reason about them. Furthermore, the
sky was itself an implicit global calender and did not require the
insurmountable dispersion of information.

These sociophysical programs, were much more intuitive to the ancient
person. Though seemingly complicated, in the ancient world *nothing
was deterministic, so if you wanted to affect change with any
guarantees, it required developing intuition about compelling
phenomena to conform to intent, despite being stochastic. The Seven
Hermitic Laws contain within them ALL such wisdom required for
observing and measuring any phenomena. They correspond to mathematical
tools like the differential operator, the fourier operator, the
phenomena of positive and negative and, last but not least: the all as
the one and the one as the all. Development of advanced symbolic
representation of maths, accompanied by universally accepted axioms
were not necessary for simple reasoning. Moreover, it's *easier* to
use these tools, though without the aforementioned accomplishments,
they will not compel socially distributed intellectual development.

# Cultural Technology Far Ahead of Its Time

The I Ching is itself a list of 64 interwoven metatypes of narratives
for human experience, assumed to, collectively, not only universally
[cover]() human experience, but also provide a uniform cover of human
experience. This is what demands such a logical method of sampling
random numbers, for if the sampling method were not also uniform, the
semiotic mappings of human narratives -- assumed to *uniformly
covered* -- would not be so significant. That the I Ching provides a
universal, uniform cover of semioteleological mappings can never be
known. What can be asserted is that the yarrow sticks method produces
an incredibly simple means of producing a uniform distribution -- to
develop such a method seems to have been a design imperative. Further,
it is a completely logical means of doing so and is not whatsoever
connected to sampling methods derived from physical phenomena, such as
tossing coins or throwing dice. The yarrow sticks method reminds me of
the [Young tableau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Young_tableau) and
other objects from [Analytic
Combinatorics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbolic_method_(combinatorics))
yielding peculiar distributions.

The ideal for a universal, uniform covering of human experience is
significant for uniform sampling of a semioteleological
distribution. Though no human can ever truly establish such a basis,
it and tools like it are necessary for understanding, interfacing,
measuring and guiding the outcomes of sociophysical programs.

If one assumes the development the psychological metatypes associated
to Astrologogical to have been motivated along similar intentions --
while understanding the utility of the powerful placebo born by
layperson's irrational assumptions that psychological development
could be fated by astrological sign -- then one could create a
universal, non-uniform cover of human psychology in Astrological
mythology. In doing so, one

If the immaterial Tao truly speaks to us in random outcomes -- if the
course of fate is directly intertwined with will manifested by some
aetereal entities with agency -- then perhaps those random outcomes
aren't so random. Then, if such agency desires to interface with
sentient life in the material plane, then its ability to do so is
magnified by the social distribution of such protocols as I Ching. If
the Tao can be proven to exist only because of the necessity of some
aeternal information to exist independently of space and time, then
it's ability to manifest must be bound by the same informational
mechanics that determine complexity theory. Thereby, if it is to
manifest its will, then by dampening the spatial and temporal
complexity of doing so by distributing protocols for sampling the will
of the Tao is made manifestly less complex when those protocols are
well distributed, efficient and are uniform semioteleological covers.

To the contrary, if the noumenological Tao has no capacity for agency
per se -- to intervene in the outcomes of microscopic
quantum-mechanical phenomena or those moreso logical outcomes of
higher-level random outcomes significant only to mankind's games --
then understanding its nature is still critical to understanding the
precipitation of metaphysical forms on earth.

What fueled Leibniz's passion in the I Ching? It was the I Ching's
establishment of a semioteleological distribution, assumed universal
and uniform. It was not simply the presence of binary numbers
conceived by ancient minds, but its semioteleological connection to
his notion of Characteristica Universalis: the universal
language. Towards the pursuit of a universal language, Leibniz found
the I Ching fascinating as a kind of indexed set of semantic
primatives — each paired with narratives that bind monadically to the
context at hand. Many philosophers and linguists have studied the Book
Of Changes from this perspective, but their consensus is that it does
not fit such a niche. I beg to differ.

The idea of a universal basis for language is significant -- if it
exists, it would be *the* post-singularity language *for **all
intelligent life forms** in the universe*. It would enable a simple,
faster-than-light communication protocol, which every such
sufficiently intelligent species would value. Why? Depending on how
post-Singularity economic and energy imperatives of pre-galactic
civilizations are bound by free energy -- and thus dictating how it
chooses to focus such energy with respect to computational complexity
-- then the only shortcuts available are inter-civilization
communication. While communications in existing digital protocols can
be decoded with some work, this still leaves the problem of decoding
the meaning of semiotic information in the messages
themselves. However, if the Characteristica Universalis exists, then
it perhaps establishes semioteleological primitives. If one existed
for Egyptian heiroglyphics, this would have circumvented the need the
Rosetta stone.

The I Ching, though I only begin to swim in the depths of its wisdom,
represents humanity's universality of zenith of semeoteleological for
in language enables a one-way. If it were not for an articles passing
mention of Leibniz's fascination with it, I would have merely remained
aware of the Book of Changes until perhaps learning Chinese or
studying Taoism.
