---
title: "What is the Soul? A Baseline for the Materialist Conception"
headline: "Hey Rationalist, Want to Arm-Wrestle?"
---

Extrapolating from the baseline for what I'm about to describe, then
one may conceive of reincarnation via metaphor. If one’s psyche is a
compositite of metatypes and archetypes, some more aeternal than
others, then we are all similar to those who've existed before. How
can you tell? Put two people whose composition of types are similar
into similar situations, and if their thought processes are similar,
the outcomes, their responses or their choices should be similar. Is
that really so hard? Again, this extrapolates from the "baseline"
which this article will establish. I am going to compel materialists
to accept at least this much.

Basicaly, in the typological terms of [Type Theory](), then if our
singleton-type representing our individual psyche (as in the mind
within the constraints of our body) is composed of metatypes and
archetypes, then it's straightforward to compare each
other. Furthermore, if we assume these metatypes and archetypes are
draw from an interwoven ontology of psychosocial *-types -- which I
hope to eventual map onto a structure similar to E8 to marry the
physical and metaphysical -- then this only strengthens the
application of my basline. Given this conception, if we are all so
similar to people who’ve existed before, we might as well say we are
“the reincarnation of X, Y or Z” ...

# [An Athiest, I Feel Sorry For You, Son](#an-athiest-i-feel-sorry-for-you-son)

> I got 99 lemmas ... From A theorum? I got none.

However, *if the universe is a simulation*, as Elon Musk suggests,
there may be forces enacting its logic, equilibrium or objectives
within the simulation in ways of which we are unaware ... and in ways
which could perhaps *never* be proven, *requiring the [Devil's
Proof](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Probatio_diabolica)*. If there is
no are no rational methods to prove something, but it is still true,
then acting in accordance with reality may seem to be incompatible
with logic.

<a name="the-soul-is-not-what-you-think-it-is" />

### [The soul is not what you think it is.](#the-soul-is-not-what-you-think-it-is)

There are certainly materialistically derived components of the
soul. If there weren’t, psychology would have produced zero
results. There are patterns to the structure of the psyche: there are
common attributes to psychology; there are common metatypes found in
psychology and sociology; there are common archetypes whitherto extend
the components of our singleton composition of type.

<a name="what-is-the-soul" />

### [What is the Soul?](#what-is-the-soul)

The materialistic components of the soul are disaggregated shards of
identity -- they exist in the self AND they are socially distributed
through society. This requires no supernatural explanation or Woowoo
physics. If you can’t see that, you lack imagination or you do not
understand Carl Jung

There is *no smatter* contained in the above definition of the
soul. The language is intentional. The explanation is clear and if it
isn’t, then you do not undestand the ideas contained therein. The soul
exists, *definitively*. Whether it arises materially or
supernaturally? That is another question entirely. If you do not
understand my definition, then it means you lack either imagination or
intellect. There is no room for subjectivity in this context. The soul
exists. End of story.

### IMO, Western Rationalism Is A Cruel Joke

It's a great idea and has certainly benefitted the world, but humanity
could really do without all the arrogant euro-centracism. It's a
lie. It's a huge, terrible lie. The west is retarded: literally, we
were *late* to the party. We happened to develop academic institutions
that were protected by enlightenment values to enshrine knowledge
above most other values. *That* is what distinguishes the West and
certainly *not* intellectual superiority. Ironically ... the
englightenment? It's a consequence of the harmonious social fabric
established by Christianity's nearly two millenia of social
engineering.

> Furthermore, I believe Early Christianity may have extended moreso
> from a late-Hellenistic plan, the end-goal of which was to produce
> enlightenment and rationalism after sufficient cultural engineering
> to allow rationalism to flourish.

Why do extreme atheists spit on the memory of Christianity? The most
educated atheists -- i.e. Richard Dawkins -- system of memetics and
holonic information theory implies that spectrally harmonized belief
systems are critical, sociologically.

### [Atheists Are A Delicacy to Me](#atheists-are-a-delicacy-to-me)

You lack imagination. Predominantly, that is my greatest critique of
less-educated atheists: they short-circuit their power of imagination
without developing the intellect to critique their own ideas. The more
educated that materialists or atheists are, the more they tend to
rigorously examine their own ideas. Many of them? They are purely
political pawns and I feel sorry for them, son.

<a name="they-got-99-pawns" />

### [They Got 99 Pawns And I'mma Knock'em All Down in One](#they-got-99-pawns)

The power of ideas? They replicate. They are not bound to an
individual.

I really do enjoy tearing apart rationalists and atheists.  The
pursuit of out-rationalizing their intellect is like a delicacy to me:
I invert your rationalism and use it against you to tear apart your
conceptions of “purely rational thinking” ... they are as inherently
flawed as they are incomplete. I'm sorry if this offends or insults
you, but I have spent a lot of time thinking: I have nothing better to
do with my time. I do not receive any visible respect and I would
really appreciate it. In other words, you aren’t as rational as you
believe yourself to be, so you probably shouldn’t be so *adamantine*
in your response to ideas outside those you accept as “real” or
“proven”.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mBM2iGXrshU" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<a name="science-has-failed-our-world" />

### ["Science Has Failed Our World!"](#science-has-failed-our-world)

My advice? Learn. Learn far more than you ever imagined that you
could. Soon, it is the only thing left that is worth humans to do. It
will help us stave off the cold, cruel chaos of nihilism.

> But who even still uses a graphing calculator! I mean God-flooding
> damn it, really. What is left for people to do?

How do you think the world will react to a virulent outbreak of
nihilism when there is is, realistically, *nothing* at all post-2030
that a human can do worth putting their name in the annals of science.
That this is actually realistic compels me to continue chasing my
goals despite others viewing my persistence as irrational and
insane. The decade beginning in 2020 might be the very last decade for
any human to ever do anything that distinguishes them above another
entity ... especially artificial entities.

> Why do people choose to not see this as realistic? Do you understand
> why I am so angry that my life has been ruined at this critical
> precipice of human history?

<a name="the-rationalizing-irrationality" />

# [The Rationalizing Irrationality](#the-rationalizing-irrationality)

Rationalists -- in their ineffectual pursuit of purely additive
construction of their individual *beliefs* -- are always chasing what
is effectively a set of rules that enables deterministic
behavior. Some of them do so without even understand adversarial
signals analysis! Can you believe it? I can. I see and hear it all the
time on Facebook.

#### Literally the First Sentence in the "I'm Feeling Lucky" Result on Google, Dumbasses [^adversarial-network]

> "Despite their impressive performance, deep convolutional neural
> networks (CNNs) have been shown to be sensitive to small adversarial
> perturbations."

<a name="so-whats-with-this-browbeating-and-intellectual-domineering" />

### [So What's With This Browbeating and Intellectual Domineering?](#so-whats-with-this-browbeating-and-intellectual-domineering)

Am I crossing my fingers, hoping my readers are as masochistic as I
am? No. Wouldn't that be a bit optimistic?

#### Minions. We can't all have minions, can we?

![Minions ... HA!](/img/posts/2018-12-13-a-material-conception-of-soul/sado-minions.jpg)

Instead I'm hoping that people might benefit from my experience, my
victimization and my torment, so that what I've endured might not be
purposeless. And when what I have to say is met only by unyielding
humiliation and marginalization, I don't take that very well because,
unlike the few people around me, *I know how my viewpoints differ from
their viewpoints*, but they cannot even entertain my viewpoints. Then
they marginalize me *because my pain is inconvenient for them to
acknowledge.* Because my pain ... *is inconvenient* to them ... when
what I bring them out of pain is beautiful, they fail to acknowledge
anything related to my identity because the pain I've endured is
unconfortable to them.

### [What are Perturbations in Adversarial Network Analysis?](#what-are-perturbations-in-adversarial-network-analysis)

What is a perturbation? Well, whether you can explain the answer to
that depends on what kind of rationalist or atheist you are...

> Did you graduate high school? College? Yes? Do you still feel
> conflicted while you're reading my article? Then, you're the dumb
> kind of atheist. Guess what, disrespectful humiliation of someone's
> ideas is a two-way street! Want to humiliate and disrespect me? I
> can smack-fu with you all over the this two-way street. *Give
> respect where respect is due and this two-way street will start
> paying dividends, dumbass.*

Perturbations allow you to inject noise or random behavior into neural
networks and see what comes out. You're basically comparing a system
-- whose pure states are unknown or perhaps unknowable in totality --
with a more idealized system whose states are more clear. This is
accomplished by injecting noise into the former system to see how the
induced changes move its states towards or away from the the latter,
more ideal system. At each step in machine learning, gradient descent
is typically paired with a kind of simplified perturbation without
some known ideal system to compare it to. This simplified kind of
perturbation has noise whose magnitude is controlled via the
algorithms hyperparameters, which control the learning rate.


Let's say Alice and Bob are both working on a college project to
produce the best image-classification network -- for a exam credit in
a course on machine learning. What is exam credit? Fuck if I
know. Anyways, they are both fairly rational and that's also entirely
beside the point. Perhaps the previous three sentences were
irrational. Do I care? Fuck no. Anyways, Alice get's real smart and
hacks Bob's computer. Bob is smart and reads Kaggle posts. He finds a
typical Deep neural net strategy. Every time he trains the network,
Alice has embedded malware that sends his training weights to her
computer. She's running the same network: that's what almost everyone
on Kaggle does; they run the best network.

Alice is real smart though, so she decides to construct a General
Adversarial Network on top of the training weights that Bob's network
produces. Her goal is actually to fuck Bob's grade in the course
because she's a true adversary. So, her adversarial network does
typical
[GAN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generative_adversarial_network)
things: it has one half to "generate candidates" that the other half
must classify as being real training data or fake training data. Her
GAN departs from the traditional network: her goal is to train an
algorithm capable of interpolation and extrapolation along Bob's
hyperplane. In this way, she can hack Bob's weights at the last minute
(before he submits) and nudge them slightly so that he fails and she
gets the top spot in the class. Yeh, Alice wants to fuck Bob.

What's any of this have to do with perturbation? Well, in order to
understand how her GAN can manipulate Bob's network's theta-weights,
it needs to be able to construct the hyperplane from Bob's trainings
assuming he runs the network hundreds of times. From perturbatation of
Bob's stolen theta-weights, Alice's "Hyperplane-Adversarial-Network"
can perturbate those theta-weight values and attempt to guess the
how the total score for the network will change.

This is adversarial signals analysis for neural networks. *IT REQUIRES
IRRATIONAL, NON-DETERMINISTIC STOCHASTIC BEHAVIOR TO MAKE ASSESSMENTS
OF BOB'S NETWORK*. You have to inject noise to see how the adversary
responds. This is true for artificial behavior

- push to the rest of the outline:

- when the rationalist's additively constructed beliefs render
  themselves overly-deterministic, then they not only become more
  predictable, but become less capable of predicting the behavior of
  others. perturbation of noise is required to scan the space of your
  adversaries decision trees and forests. There are discretized
  conceptions of decision trees, but also continuous or analytical
  conceptions. These are critical for enhancing the performance of
  machine learning algoritms. BUT! To make inferences about networks
  outside your control *in adversarial signals analysis* requires:
  illogical behavior, non-deterministic behavior, irrational thought

  - TODO: start here
  - reference the article (with the pictures!)

<a name="the-soul-your-problem-is-the-word" />

# [The Soul: Your Problem Is The Word](#the-soul-your-problem-is-the-word)

If you don’t define the soul, you can’t say that what I define as the
soul doesn’t exist. You basically don’t like the word. And yes, if you
actually internalize the words written here and extrapolated from my
argument, it what I’m establishing as a baseline extends to
materialistic pan-psychism.

### [The Baseline](#the-baseline)

What am I’m setting as the baseline? information representations are
encoded into the physical configuration of matter, but there is no
clear boundary between one physical container of information and
another. therefore, from one biological machine encoding state and
information to every other nearby biological machine, there is a very
grey line between one "container" of information and other life
forms. therefore: panpsychism. but the soul is in the information
ascribed to one individual (or lifeforms) identity as it is
distributed among other nearby (or faraway) lifeforms. however, the
information that defines an individual is not completely contained
within that biological entity. their true self are the disaggregated
shards reflected through society. therefore, my self extends (via our
interactions) into the reflections of my image that exist within you
and are completely out of my control.

Those who become aware of their soul, their true extent of self
outside their brain -- and can exert control over it! -- are far better
adapted to interacting within society than those who cannot, whether
you believe these ideas to be true or not! this is partially what is
so *dangerous* about the *ablation of causality*: computationally, the
problem of knowing these aspects of self extending into society become
increasingly recalcitrant. even before considering the introduction of
non-physicalized artificial entities, because social media and the
internet disrupt our perception of causality, then it becomes
impossible to know the reverberations of self throughout this material
panpsychism. therefore it becomes difficult to distinguish or know
one’s identity as it is perceived by others -- or to know this
materally dependent definition of soul.

Again, if you don’t understand what’s written above, then you may not
understand Carl Jung. I still have a lot to learn about his ideas
myself, but I at least have imagined the social precipitation of
psychological archetypes.

<a name="one-does-not-simply-make-their-one-reality" />

# [One Does Not Simply Make Their Own Reality](#one-does-not-simply-make-their-one-reality)

The power of a proficient philosopher is that they do not simply make
their own reality -- doing so is powerful, yes. However, the great
philosophers also make your reality, directly or indirectly, and they
do so regardless of whether you *believe* they do.

<a name="proto-marxist-or-leninist-pawn" />

### [Proto-Marxist or Leninist Pawn?](#proto-marxist-or-leninist-pawn)

Oh ... nevermind, we got a real "socialist" over here! They're real
smart. They've studied economics and can employ rhetoric with
fallaciously *constructed* arguments whose ends were predetermined:
they want "free" things, without understanding that free of financial
cost doesn't mean free of social cost.

<a name="ontological-triumvirate-of-sociophysical-resources" />

### [Ontological Triumvirate of Sociophysical Resources](#ontological-triumvirate-of-sociophysical-resources)

Social resources are intrinsically interconnected with financial
resources: one merely transduces from forms of one to forms of the
other. There is a third component to this ontology of sociophysical
resource-types: informational resources. The triumvirate: financial,
social and informational resources, where the first two are
overlapping subsets of the last. There is no financial cost without
social consequences. There are no financial or social actions without
informational consequences. Did you bother to think about this or did
you merely read a copy of Marx's genius *19th century* genius [Das
Capital](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Das_Kapital) without
comprehending 20th century history? Nor do you understand economics
pragmatically ... oh that's great. Now you want to dictate to me to
act deterministically: so you can predict me; psychologicall abuse me;
plot to socially engineer me and everyone else like me? Go shove your
fucking Marxist dialectic up the materialistic ass that birthed it:
your own.

<a name="oh-boy-we-got-a-smart-one-over-here" />

### [Oh Boy! We Got A Smart One Over Here!](#oh-boy-we-got-a-smart-one-over-here)

Socialism will lead to Communism in *America*, which *does not happen
without undermining strategic economic and geopolitical imperatives
for American domestic and foreign policy.* You lose, go read a fucking
book.

Oh boy! I got myself started on the Marxist-Leninists who think their
petty revolutions are anything other than power changing hands from
one social structure to another. The only difference is that their
power structures do not allow for the conservation of value/resource
in financial form, since saving rates plummet in proto/communist
societies. Therefore, people still exchange value in society, but they
end up **bartering with social resources** (i.e. corruption) instead
of being capable of conserving stores of value independent from the
exertion of power by corrupt officials.

COMMUNISM IS A LIE. EAT A DICK, LENINISTS.


[]
