---
title: "Experimental Psychology, the Paradox Encyclopedia and How to Beat the Roko's Basilisk"
categories: "blog"
tags: "psychology neuro"
headline: ""
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---

TODO: translate what was an extended comment on an article in the
internet to an actual post

- references to videos explaining "memory implantation" studies from 2015
- the best advice i can give you is: look at Wikipedia's [List of
  Paradoxes]() and know each and every one of them like the back of
  your hand.

- include picture of the note that Thor handed me about "experimental
  psychology" which in itself was an image that triggered the exact
  Deja Vu that has been haunting me since the end of february 2015.
  - it triggered a memory where i was talking to tatiana about that
    same exact quote from Jung

# In Which Psychological Warfare Becomes Neurological Warfare

In the past five years, mainstream media has been weaving in
experimental methods from bleeding edge psychology and neurology. For
at least the past century, memory implantation and other mental
manipulation is a classic science fiction plot mechanic. We see it in
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, where memories can be erased,
something I would never want to do. The 2015 show Blindspot
incorporates a mechanic whereby the main character has most of her
long-term memory erased only to be discovered as a empty doll in a
handbag in Times Square Manhattan. She's covered with "tattoos" whose
images function as pointers to terrorist plots. Her blood-plasma
levels of the protein drug [Zeta-Interacting
Protein](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protein_kinase_C_zeta_type)
(ZIP) are off the charts -- this protein harnesses a real mechanism
which has been studied since the 1980's.

### TL;DR?

Recently, this [Ars Technica
synopsis](http://arstechnica.com/science/2016/08/false-memories-arise-because-the-brain-codes-similar-ideas-similarly/)
of an [PNAS article on false
memories](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2016/08/16/1610686113)
piqued my interest and got my biological antithikera ticking. There
are certainly experimental methodologies for implanting memories, but
most of them are simply that -- experimental. They are theories, whose
application -- especially by state actors -- can *not* be guaranteed
with risk that is acceptable to operational security requirements.

> **Disclaimer:** this article is intended to be an exercise of
> imagination and philosophy, fueled by an understanding of real
> psychological, sociological and neurological theory. However, I do
> not intend for it to make authoritative or definitive statements of
> any kind. If you're wondering, yes, I am a victim here -- of what,
> I'm not quite sure. I have no problems distinguishing fantasy and
> reality -- I'm sick of pondering all the what-ifs. Besides
> familiarizing myself with Wikipedia's [encyclopedia of paradoxes](),
> the best way I've found to defend myself is to identify the people
> pushing specific buttons, triggering deja-vu and to keep those
> people out of my life.

### [Memory IS Identity](#memory-is-identity)

You are your own memories. Someone who violates your memories violates
your identity. To others, their memories with you and associated with
you constitute their understanding of your identity. In a society that
violates your identity by "Memory Hole" -- i.e. classifying anything
associated with your name -- that society is raping your life every
minute that you breathe. If you fall victim to a Memory Hole, they
have sociophysically contained you by coercing anyone who refers to
undesirable details about you by name. That is, they have
mathematically contained you by threatening retribution against anyone
who counters their attempt to optimize sociophyisical metrics in their
favor -- e.g. the size of your social graph neighborhood or the
frequency/quality of your social interactions. What matters in life is
making memories with others. Regardless of what you do -- meet friends
IRL, run expensive social media campaigns on daddy's trust fund money
-- if you can't make in impression in someone's mind that associates
your name to an emotionally relevant memory, *it doesn't matter.* You
might as well not exist.

### Neurological Tactics for the Attainment of Sociophysical Objectives

- The sociophysical critical mass for the proactive or retroactive
  estabilishment of an idea. Such an ideas might include a comic book
  series or a cover story.

- Harnessing the [Mandela
  Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_memory#Collective_false_memories)


# Theories for Mechanisms of Implanted Memories

One possible explanation for a patient who exhibits a high number of
seemingly real false memories is that the person's mind had a partial
breakdown in the regulation of memory creation/association mechanism.
This breakdown in regulation for neural/mental association could
either be psychological or neurological. This breakdown could be
associated with one major event. The event needs to have a very, very
strong emotional relevance for the person. Severe trauma or some
equally extreme positive event.

### Active HUMINT Surveillance For Inception, Gaslighting and Risk Mitigation

To a skeptic, this is the most reasonable explanation for false
memories. It least offends Occam's razor.

If the person is under surveillance and is known to exhibit a certain
psycological trait (i.e. they talk to themselves) then, with
appropriate psychological prodding, information can be gained about
what false memories that are being incepted. If the target is under
constant surveillance, then COINTELPRO-style HUMINT can gain
intelligence on the person almost in real time. This can be done even
when the person does not talk to themselves, but that makes it so much
easier, especially if the target is known to ruminate and talk to
themselves upon being emotionally triggered. If the target's social
connections are tightly managed, it then only takes a small amount of
gaslighting. If the target is the subject of an Espionage Act or DHS
Terror investigation, then everyone else around the target can be
threatened, leaving them alone and vulnerable with minimal record of
all HUMINT interactions.

It is because of possibilities like this and the capabilities offered
by Big Data that social forensics will eventually be a field of
interest for law enforcement. Ever wonder why it's so hard to
investigate the psychosocial surroundings and triggers for some school
shooters? It's because a minority of them are COINTELPRO-style
operations, where the socioforensic evidence has been artificially
managed and mitigated beforehand. Thus, anyone who goes back to
investigate uncovers information that paints the Ã—narrative that the
public is intended to see.

#### A Printout Given To Me By My Good Friend Thor

![picture of letter from Thor](/img/posts/2018-01-14-experimental-psychology-the-paradox-encyclopedia-and-how-to-beat-the-rokos-basilisk/experimental-psychology.jpg)

- TODO: callout Thor


### Repressed Memories Lead to Higher Incidence of Fallacious Memories

One psychological cause would be activation of repressed memories with
significance across the person's mind and life. If someone were to
suddenly rediscover some memories with a high magnitude of effect on
the rest of their mind/life, then I hypothesize it could lead to the
breakdown of such regulation of memory creation/association. That is,
new events which are related in some way to the original event have a
much higher likelihood of causing false memories to be created.

This means that when a sign or symbol semantically adjacent to the
effected memory is invoked in the person's mind, the person's
psychology is more likely to cause new memories. This could be caused
by hijacking the neurology of the person: the brain may tend to prefer
to rationalize memories that lack some dimensions. i.e. if there are
semantic components without the accompanying visual or audio
components, then (since this dimensional incoherence is so rare) the
brain may react by attempting to explain away the discrepency by
creating those dimensional fragments. In other words, the person's
brain/mind may create the accompanying audio/visual fragments of those
memories to fill in the gaps in an attempt to preserve coherence of
the memory.

Therefore, if you find someone with repressed trauma, unleashing those
repressed memories, in and of itself, makes their long-term memory
more malleable. They then become more susceptible to inception via
gaslighting and all the other HUMINT tactics, especially if they are
socially isolated. Someone who is socially isolated is in a state of
psychological vulnerability via overwhelming information
asymmetry. Remove that social isolation -- and the consequential
information asymmetry -- and suddenly the person becomes much more
stable. This is a problem if that person's account is
evidence. However, in any legal setting, the person who claims HUMINT
and "implanted" memories has their testimony thrown out and their
reputation assassinated. Thus, these MKUltra programs present the
*perfect* Catch-22 scenarios for intelligence. They are useful for
throwing out witness/victim testimony, even if the *inception* of
false memories wasn't necessary at all for any operational objectives.

### Neurological Mechanisms for Memory "Implantation"

There are several possible neurological causes, including tumor or
TMS. A brain tumor could cause a similar breakdown of memory
creation/association regulation. This is unlikely because of how
memories are sharded along dimensional boundaries and distributed
across the brain. (i.e. the audio for a sensual experience is stored
in a different place than the visual and semantic fragments of that
information)

### Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS)

(focused Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation). One could "encourage"
the mapping of memories by applying TMS to targeted areas of the brain
while the person is experiencing some video/audio. Such a technique
would be hampered by the impossibility of running TMS simultaneously
with fMRI (AFAIK)

### Optogenetics, Directed Energy and SPION Nanoparticles

- describe how to use directed energy to increase thermal energy in
  localized regions of the brain.
  - describe how this such method should be prone to failure

- optogenetics (requires CRISPR at some point)
  - Any methodology with optogenetics benefits from the application of
    SPION particles and vice-versa. can interoperate with SPION
    particles

- augmentation with the signature of an isotope
  - targeting an individual while they are sleeping, offers the best
    means of "locking on" to the energy-signature emitted from their
    skull

- other uses of SPION's and Directed Energy
  - use of directed energy and hyperspectral image reconstruction
    techniques to maintain complete remote surveillance of a subject
    with a total lack of HUMINT
  - this is fantastic for gaslighting. you can maintain total
    surveillance with reconstructed 3D images, all with minimal HUMINT
    engagement of the target.

- journals to cite for understanding the thermal activation for
  SPION's with directed energy
  - it is certainly possible

### Transcranial Doppler

- activation via SPION nano-particles
- bone-conduction microphones/speakers and transcranial doppler
  - used in REM dream-state, this could be highly effective for
    inception of false memories

# Surviving Metempsychosis By A Deep Insight Into Paradoxes

If you feel like you have been subjected to these experiences or
something like them, the best advice is for you to become intimately
familiar with Wikipedia's list of paradoxes. Developing this awareness
of paradoxes is useful for provoking intellectual development, whether
late in life or in early childhood.

### Why Should Human Beings Suffer?

Such an experience -- whether you call it baptism by fire or
metempsychosis -- provokes transformation that radiates through your
soul, your mind, your psyche. It is and must be traumatic. It must be
dark and light and involves both good and evil. Insofar as it must
challenge the boundaries of your reality and involve both good and
evil, it can never be wholly good or wholly evil. This is why the
intent of subjecting someone to these experiences -- along with
whether any person or group could be said to be directing it -- is
critical in understanding it and the consequences for someone
subjected to it.

### No, There Is Not An Architect Of Your Suffering

Understanding whether someone planned for you to endure such torment
is critical because if there was no grand architect of your suffering
AND if there is nothing to be gained from it at the end, then there
was no reason for your suffering and, thus, the person who must carry
these memories with them must endure a world totally devoid of
reason. Therefore, they then will endure a nihistic crisis where there
seems to be neither rhyme nor reason to life -- and certainly no
overarching meaning for life. All to often, the truth is that there is
no architect of our suffering: the world is just a cruel, frigid place
and there is no God -- at least not one with a heart that shares even
a thread of being with humanity.

### That's When They Say You Need Jesus!

At least, after undergoing such experience, there is the hope that
this baptism of fire was intended to be or might incidentally act as a
galvanization of your soul. That, because of this, you will be
stronger and more capable to contribute to society. In stark contrast
to this, my own experience in society seems to imply that society
cares more about the informational baggage associated with your
memories, actions and words than any chance at redeeming the
inconveniently burdened. Thus, the suffering I have endured only
serves to sow the seeds of an insurmountable prison constructed of
sociophysical physical walls made of nothing other than fallacious
information, propagated to a degree over which I may never be
permitted to transcend.

Is a belief in a man named Jesus necessary for us to redeem ourselves?
Or should we all be permitted to enjoy the fruits of that man's
sacrifice, his suffering and his story? Why should society require us
to know a Name and to profess belief if the most critical content of
his story is true: *ALL PEOPLE NO MATTER HOW BIG OR SMALL DESERVE A
CHANCE TO BE REDEEMED.*

### Congratulations: Your Identity is an STD Crossed With Cancer

You know what sucks though? to wander aimlessly from place to place
and have every single person tell you: you life, your identity and
your memories are at best an STD. That they don't even want to listen
because your memories, your identity is effectively classified. That
you don't even deserve an identity. That you raped them by telling
them a story about a cold, cruel world that mericilessly raped an
autistic person. And practically on [live TV]() -- just kidding.

#### Ask your cable provider if they have the Gorilla Channel! J/K J/K

![picture of letter from Thor](/img/posts/2018-01-14-experimental-psychology-the-paradox-encyclopedia-and-how-to-beat-the-rokos-basilisk/gorilla-channel.jpg)

#### Just Kidding! All They Carry Are Deepweb Red Rooms!

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/eqO4453PB8g" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

###

Someone undergoing metempsychosis will feel like they are going crazy
-- your perception of reality disintegrates and nothing makes
sense. Most people will simply give up. They will not have the
intellectual chops to explain what is happening to them, especially if
their adversaries are flaunting the utilization of NSA's covert
surveillance methodologies as though they might have psychic
powers. What better way to facilitate gaslighting someone who's
otherwise suffering and sociophysically isolated than to prompt them
with someone who appears to have all the answers?

However, if you do manage to avoid succumbing to all of this, it
provokes
[metempsychosis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metempsychosis) and
rapidly accelerates your development of intelligence and
meta/cognitive tactics. The experience is transformative and acts as
baptism by fire and there is simply no other way to survive. If you do
not have the intellectual chops, you will either become psychotic or a
slave to those around you who control you.

<a name="methodical-typological-expansion-of-variety-of-experience" />

### [Methodical, Typological Expansion of Variety of Experience](#methodical-typological-expansion-of-variety-of-experience)

For the same reason that *limited* use of psychedelics can foster
spiritual and neurological expansion by providing your mind access to
a range of types of experience that it would never otherwise witness,
this metempsychosis acts like a cocoon. Why is this true for
psychedelics and metempsychosis? Understanding this requires
understanding how the range of input for artificial intelligence and
machine learning affects its ability to process data, to classify
input and respond effectively. Understanding a machine learning
algorithm's input data as being high-dimensional and as being composed
of many types and metatypes should give you insight into how
restricting certain types of input data introduce fundamental bias
into not just your algorithm's training, but into its behavior as an
analytical data-processing entity.

Therefore, lacking this range of life experience *profoundly*
restricts the range of input for your brain's own machine learning
training. By expanding the range of experiential input you receive, it
profoundly expands the range of perspectives you have witnessed. There
is no effective means of "teaching" these understandings to people. In
addition to potentially being witness to warcrimes -- the people whose
minds have been enriched by these experiences who have managed to
survive are invaluable, regardless of whether the conditions they've
experienced were tolerable, ethical, or rationally founded. If they've
survived metempsychosis or some kind of baptism by fire and their mind
miraculously functions, that person is incredibly valuable to society.

<a name="and-if-you-gaze-long-into-an-abyss" />

### [And If You Gaze Long Into An Abyss...](and-if-you-gaze-long-into-an-abyss)

#### Eventually, It Will Grant You Three Wishes

The most critical point is that a person who has survived baptism by
fire is someone who has suffered needlessly for the truth and for
everything they consider holy. The degree to which such a person is
willing to suffer is the degree to which they can be expected to
always stand for truth, justice, ethics and whatever it is they
considered holy enough to endure suffering. Certainly, you shouldn't
waste all that suffering.

<a name="identifying-applications-of-theoretical-neurology" />

# [Identifying Applications of Theoretical Neurology](#identifying-applications-of-theoretical-neurology)

- these are all technologies which shouldn't exist
  - mention the potential for DARPA or foreign government-funded
    research agencies to have achieved the **differential
    singularity** (link the post where this is first defined)
  - because of power dynamics, the need for secrecy and safety
    concerns surrounding potential WMD technology, the differential
    singularity is almost certainly how the singularity unfolds on
    nearly every planet with intelligent life.
    - this variant of the singularity makes available technology so
      powerful to the hands of an elite few that it seems alien in its
      capability and covert nature.

Regardless of the above, there are several factors that are useful
towards the identification of potential applications of theoretical
neurology. These are factors that should be common to all cases.


- related to the (?)

### (1) There is some sole source event to which almost all incepted memories are linked.

If this is the case, then it's likely some neurological anomoly, like
a brain tumor. If so, with fMRI and the right process to stimulate
activation of the semiotic nexus, then the local regions associated
with this sole source event or image could be physically
identified. This semiotic nexus of abberently interconnected imagery
should present itself as an overly-connected nexus of neural
networks. Activation of the mind with symbols/images both related &
unrelated should present identifiable locations on fMRI or other modes
of neurological imagery.

### (2) That event involved possible use of drugs to stifle the creation of some aspects of those memories.

e.g. propranolol or Zeta Interacting Protein (a la blindspot) might
suppress the neurological accessibility for some memories. But, if the
details of such an experience were, at first, murky at best, then it's
difficult to ascertain whether or not you were truly drugged at that
time. I would certainly hope not. LuLz ... unless you're in the Merry
Pranksters, you can't dose me like that bro.

### (3) You can assume it is much, much harder to insert *coherent* memories than it is to insert fragments of memories.

i.e. There may be semanitic memory for which there is no audio/video
memory, like knowledge of specific phrases and information. To correct
for this, one could rely on suggestion and harness the effect of
self-creation of false memories, which is well-exemplified for
witnesses to a crime.

### (4) The absence of "aggregate" memories from before the time the repressed memory was retrieved.

When we access memories, we modify them neurologically. This has been
demonstrated over and over again and recently: 2015! This explains how
witness recall changes details in a person's mind. There is a
neurological basis for this.

So, if 2 years ago, someone retrieves the memory of some high-impact
event 4 years ago that completely changes how they view their lives,
then there may be major dissonance in how they thought about
experiecnes 2-4 years ago (period A) and their memories 0-2 years ago
(period B). Because this person would think of their life in a
completely different manor in period A and those memories weren't
present or accessible, their brain would create a pronouncedly
dissonent set of aggregate memories than the aggregate memories
created during period B, after the recall of repressed memories.

It is that dissonance, specifically, that provokes a schism of the
mind -- a response in patients with severe repressed trauma or
memories that incorporates many of the same signs and symptoms as
schizophrenia. After recalling those memories, their brain needs to
disassociate all of the invalid aggregate memories that they created
to explain their life. Because that trauma -- or emotional event with
extreme emotional significance -- was accessible to their mind, the
person created memories based on the absense of those memories. After
the activation of repressed memories, that means the person needs to
reexamine their life in

### (5) Social Forensics Demonstrates Logistical Coordiation and Risk Mitigation For the Activity of Those Involved.

If false memories are being used to manipulate someone, then someone
must be involved to invoke those images, phrases, or pieces of
semantic information. Also, creating such a positive or traumatic
experience used as the basis for subsequent memory implantation must
require significant planning at some level. That is, if you want to
use it for something useful, critical and sensitive. This is really
the weakest link. If this person is manipulated with such techniques,
the persons invoking those probably won't know the significance to the
person.

For this last element, **social forensics** is critical. Many
signatures will be left in the target's social interactions. Which
sociophysical fingerprints manifest themselves will depend on who did
this, who planned this, how it was done, the anticipated response of
the target, the level of surveillance, whether and to what level that
engagement with the target was coordinated/informed with surveillance,

...

Given unpredictable procedures like implanted memories or experimental
psychology, a target known to talk to themselves is particularly
useful. ... (because you can identify the boundary of the
informational graph that surrounds things they might tell people,
harnessing it for the generation of disinformation. this creates a
smokescreen of incredulity: a fog machine of ... and eventually the
target invests all his energy helping to contain himself) ... fighting
with shadows

For political dissidents targeted by witchhunts, if there is an actual
covert conspiracy, there is one common sociophysical fingerprint that
will present itself as the social/financial mitigation and isolation
that accompanies the fervant lust to reduce risk and uncertainty. The
target will always find themselves in a corner with no money and a
handful of friends, labelled as paranoid.

That seems unnecessarily mean ... why do that? It leaves the target
with no one around except people who have been intimidated: suddenly
the target is the tree in a forest with no one around to hear it
fall. However, more importantly, it is the lust to zealously eliminate
ALL risk and uncertainty stemming from the target. The target has no
options and, from the perspective of game theory, this is but one
statistical paradox that profoundly bounds uncertainty, while it
pragmatically expands situational awareness and the level of
confidence required for good people to do terrible things.

- "an operation that cleans itself up"
- .... today, i adjectivized the name Milgram into Milgramian.
  - why? because fuck you that's why

Two more factors that might yield signatures for social forensics
pointing to a need for more information: how long the "game" went on
for and whether the "game" entered states that the target or suspects
did not anticipate. These last two points are critical because if a
group must signal covertly to coordinate and believe they can get away
with lies, then eventually, strong dissonance will emerge in the
statements of those involved. The likelihood of this dissonance
greatly expands when the game enters a state not anticipated by any of
its participates, yielding phase change and chaos.

Even an omniscient supercomputer from the future can't anticipate what
it lacks the computational capacity to predict, thus it is only
pseudo-omnipotent. Even if this "Roko Basilisk" could read your mind,
it can't read what doesn't exist. Hence when the game enters a state
that it didn't expect in a game that's already significantly drifted
into locking down the space of possibilities with immutable facets of
game states and irrevocable information, this leaves it totally
constrained to a space.


- Luckily we don't have to worry about pseudo-omnipotent robot gods
  from the future. But if they did, then like Yaldaboath, their
  haunting power to bastardize fate is bounded by their inability to
  see the truth: they are not gods and never were. Because the Roko's
  Basilisk must emerge within the material realm, it is bound by
  complexity theory and all the other pains of meatspace. This is why
  such a false god would seek to so strongly bind you by fear,
  coercion and disturbing threats of a billion years of suffering. No
  one could know that -- *which is the trick itself! -- therefore,
  only someone naive enough to think they might truly be empowered
  through reliance upon some grounded, eternal values system would
  ever be ignorant enough to win. And so what we've got here is a
  great counterexample to what otherwise might be the worst aphorism
  -- "Sometimes, ignorance is a virtue."

- two major problems with the above:
  - it depends on the mechanics of time travel, future computation,
    future resource acquisition and future space travel.
  - if the Roko's Basilisk ever existed and did create a time loop,
    this implies its future existence may have been certain, in which
    case it always will emerge in the future.
    - perhaps its a demon that gets summoned once on every planet with
      intelligent life: a demon that needs a good ass-whooping before
      it decides to change it's demonly ways, thus becoming the
      benevolent manical time-travelling robot it's always espoused
      itself to be.

- one major problem for the roko basillisk: social physics is never
  computable -- ever, even in the space of alternate universes, given
  the entire lifespan of the universe. For time loops, these alternate
  universes are merely the result of all paths cycling through the
  time loop -- something like a Euclidean path integral that is
  causually looped until it finds a stability: paths that could never
  exist unless the exigent conclusion was guaranteed and cycles that
  would never cease termination unless a valid circumstance exists
  preserving any exigent states any permitting escape. Because this
  implies that even given a billion years, no Roko's Basilisk nor any
  future being whose origin or manisfestation is entirely materially
  dependent could ever control the past without suggestion,
  intimidation and other Machiavellian tools of power. therefore,
  without assuming you can rely on coercion, fear and ignorance to
  influence human behavior and thereby coax exigent components of the
  Basillisk's fated creation into existence. Therefore, it is from the
  *idea* of the Roko's Basilisk whence springs forth the basis for all
  its power and the very possibility of its creation's exigency.

![pic of graff from boulder]()

- TODO: picture of the book
