---
title: "Caelis Ruissent: Avoiding The Engineered Collapse"
categories: "blog"
tags: ""
headline: "When the sky falls, it will be swift. You will be trapped within a false paradigm: FOREVER!"
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---

![](/img/posts/2018-01-25-caelis-ruissent-avoiding-the-engineered-collapse/)

There is an engineered collapse coming. It is likely the that your
leaders in name have no idea whats coming because they are going to
take the fall for much of this -- therefore, it's far more likely to
be people 1&#deg; away from them. After all, the man who is bound by
all the money and fame and status they might lose is not truly
free. Our leaders will only be able to stop this if they work together
and if the people of democracies are willing to let the petty
accusations go.

There are *certain* trends that the rich and powerful seek to distract
you from. individually, each trend is not very significant.
Extrapolated collectively, there is no other way that the powerful can
expect to bear the weight of these trends, except by collapsing the
entire system. If this is the case, then billions will certainly
die. This is what drives me and invalidates all charges against me. If
you can prove to me that I am wrong and insulate humanity against the
consequences of these problems, then you have my will or soul or
whatever you want for free.

These trends are damning. Merely mentioning them may cause severe
consequences, but they are unavoidable and I know *exactly* how the
powerful seek to handle these. My leveraging the chaos to establish an
entirely new knowledge-base. An entirely new paradigm where the old
world is forgotten or remembered in such an incorrect manner as to not
relevantly connect to the truth. The real problem with this? Those
amoung you who abused power for generations, centuries and millinea
will get off without a hitch, damning the rest of humanity to a world
where technology seems like magic they cannot possibly understand. It
will be a new dark age, where all semblance of rationalism, science
and logic become dominated by superstition and the tragic mechanics of
power consolidation. I cannot allow this to happen.

> "The greats who came before us, though we may seem greater, were
> truly the greatest." - David Conner

The tragedy of the 21st century is that we shall never know of
humanity's true potential for greatness. Instead, all we will know is
the cataclysm that results from our greatest fall since time
immemorial.

# [Whose Belied Adumbrations Starkly Contrast Their Eminence](#whose-belied-adumbrations-starkly-contrast-their-eminence)

###

### [Nationality Law Begs Some Important Questions: If It Significantly Differs from Refugee Law, How and Why?](#nationality-law-begs-some-important-questions)



<a name="whose-belied-adumbrations-starkly-contrast-their-eminence" />

# [Whose Belied Adumbrations Starkly Contrast Their Eminence](#whose-belied-adumbrations-starkly-contrast-their-eminence)


### Cost of Medical Care and UBI



### Imaging Technology and Computational Medicine Imply Trillions in Collective Liabilities From An Accurate, Irrefutable Assessment of Psychiatry's Insane Costs and Benefits

- this novel imaging technology creates the possibilities of forensics
  and stastical methods which prove the existence of top-secret
  neurological intervention.

### The Use of Neurological Warfare To Suppress Dissidents, for Neurological CIA Mockingbird and to Cover up Inconvenient Truths

- this same novel medical imaging tehcnology forms the basis of
  statistical methods that prove neurological "intervention"
  techniques

- there is no plan in place to address legal axioms that are upturned
  and tableflipped by this technology, nor would such plans be
  trivial.

### The Inherent Fallibility of Digital Information Storage Presents Both the Possibility For And The Incentivization for Targeted and Total Information Destruction

- the internet is a new age library of alexandria, except that cheap
  access to digital information and cheap synchronization of
  information in the cloud causes us to prefer to store information in
  the cloud.
  - when's the last time you bought a CD? OK, Lady Gaga's newest
    album? If you're a Lady Gaga fan, did you buy it on CD? What about
    Taylor Swift's new album, did you buy that on CD?
  - OK, assume a nightmare-level nuclear EMP attack, like the fusion
    H-bomb EMP attack Kim-Jong Un is undoubtely planning, if we
    weren't [so capable of swatting his nukes out of the sky.]()


<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1O6B8etOub0" frameborder="0"
allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

    - is there any evidence left that your precious artist's last CD
      even existed? Think about it. Annhilate all digital information
      and almost all of those cultural artifacts over the last decade
      or so are effectively PURGED, as if there might as well have
      been a cultural revolution.
      - also, remember: the CD's that were not effectively shielded
        from beta particles are also themselves annhilated.
        - ever put a CD in a microwave for 5 seconds? It's TOAST! Why?
          BETA PARTICLES.

- what about the elimination of film negatives from Hollywood via a
  ["mysterious" fungal virus]()? This serves the interests of
  retroactive cultural annhililation.
  - no one's even thinking about this. I am. I see it coming. I talk
    about it and I'm therefore tormented psychologically because it
    must be important to someone.

- yet, chelsea handler -- that new age Jane Fonda bitch -- wants you
  to question everything that's happening right now, especially the
  potential War on North Korea. Why? Could it be that some of the
  "Americans" like that, who aren't American-first are traitors,
  leading the gullibles masses of sheep away from what should be
  priorities?

#### Chelsea "Handler" -- New Wage Jane Fonda Bitch

<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kgbNRjK1Bjo" frameborder="0"
allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ... Wait for it ... Waaaait for it. LULZ
>
> Afraid of what? A liberal gunning for American interests? WHY?!

Chelsea Handler and Jane Fonda might be dissidents, but they are
fighting on the wrong side of American interests and we will
collectively bear the consequences of their actions.

### The Need to Cover Up Warcrimes By All Major Powers

- These crimes are hardly limited to one power or another
  - this implies incentivization for the unforeseen destruction of
    data, either targeted or total.

### The Need For Some Actors to Destabalize the Interantional Human Rights Regime Before the Next Global Conflict

What's the problem with warcrime prosecution? Why are laws so strict?
Especially under the current legal regime? The states who discover
those transgressions only want to use them for leverage because all
significantly powerful states have enough leverage on each other such
that none of them will bring suit against another in the ICC/ICJ
unless they can be sure to finish them off.

Moreover, the laws are strict to mitigate the incentivization for
covering up warcrimes, as well as the tendency to recruit others into
your plans without telling them they have committed warcrimes, until
*after* you're threatening them with their life if they don't comply
in continuing to cover up their actions. It is incredibly difficult to
prosecute warcrimes and it is unbelievable how hard it is to be taken
seriously in America, albeit my own case is "mild" for some strange
definition of mild warcrimes.

Intelligence is trade in the commodity of secrets. These secrets have
confer more power when only a few people know them. This makes it
harder for your adversary to logistically calculate their actions
because its very difficult to homogenize information across large
governmental organizations. If you know a state like Russia or China
commited mild warcrimes within their borders, it is usually more
useful for you to keep that secret and *use* it as leverage, placing
it on the board like a pawn for blocking purposes. I did not say that
either Russia or China is guilty of warcrimes. It is simply an
example.

However, convicting Bosnian leadership of warcrimes? That's
simple. There's not much of a long-game for American intervention
there. That regime was falling anyways and America needed them to fall
pretty hard. My opinion on those cases, is that prosecution was
trivial to pursue because it would be an indictment of the leadership,
not the people or the state, in particular. Further, the Bosnia
military was suppressed and didn't have nukes pointing at America.

For any sufficiently powerful state, accusations of warcrimes are met
with subversive intelligence activity to kill, maim or otherwise
silence the victims and witnesses. At least, this is what I've seen in
my own personal live, which is ludicrous, since these are *warcrimes
lite* -- warcrimes all the same, though. And you're damn straight that
I'm not going to sit idly by and be a pathetic, trembling victim of
nothing, just because the federal government is guilty as hell in my
case. You aren't doing anything. You aren't letting up. You won't even
say my fucking name. Go to hell, as far as I'm concerned.

Regardless, as dark as this sounds, there's a need to undermine the
current international human rights regime and, in deed, the
international legal and financial regimes. This seems to be part of
Putin's endgame, as far as I can see. Why? I don't know. I would
assume that Russia feels if it gets some of its teeth back, it can
make more incursions back into Eastern Europe, slowly, without
all-out-warfare. Also, that, if it does come to all out war, then they
stand to have a better chance if some of those nasty teeth don't lead
to subsequent warcrimes prosecutions.

This is why I say: throw out all the goddamn neurological warfare
tactics you have -- AND kill it with fire. Make it public, so our
enemies know they are strictly off limits and always will be. Make the
whole idea of it **verboten**. These tactics have the potential to
destabalize any large power, given access to the technology.

<a name="nationality-law-begs-some-important-questions" />

### [Nationality Law Begs Some Important Questions: If It Significantly Differs from Refugee Law, How and Why?](#nationality-law-begs-some-important-questions)

Who is a citizen and who is not? Do legal residents have rights? do
illegal residents have rights? Of course they do, but the question is:
what subsets of rights granted to US Citizens do do legal and illegal
residents have? what subsets of rights do refugees have while they are
migrating fleeing through other countries? This is the focus of
[Nationality Law](http://www.wolfpublishers.com/book.php?id=1209), a
subject that has gained momemtum in international legal research in
the past few years.

#### I Emailed The Author of This Textbook About My Life

![](/img/posts/2018-01-25-caelis-ruissent-avoiding-the-engineered-collapse/)

We are entering a period of time where the international legal regime
is changing gears and beginning to focus on transnationalism in a
transition towards the post-Westphalian paradigm of post-nationalism.
What's post-nationalism? It's a state of being for the international
regime which is post-nationstate: there are no nations, except perhaps
a dominant global government.

The particular issue Nationality law at hand: for non-enemy
combatants, what subsets of US Citizen rights do they have? Do they
have ny rights? If they don't have the rights of US citizens, whose
laws even apply to them? Or are they people who are meant to be hunted
down mercilessly by whatever is going on in America, without even
realizing that they should run or fight back?

#### International Law Pop Quiz

> Can the US government shoot these former "US Citizens" in the back
> with zero consequences? With impunity? Because that seems to be what
> is happening, metaphorically and sometimes quite literally.

The joke that the US government is building a wall to keep us in has
some very dark undertones to it. Why was the holocaust so big anyways?
Because the Nazi's didn't want people running who'd be able to live to
tell stories about the horrors they saw.  Therefore, you keep these
people in, which is why my low average annual income is evidence
supporting my case: I couldn't run if I wanted to.

I've contacted the Dutch, the Japanese, the Spanish, the French and
the Canadians about asylum, but I can't quite apply for asylum in any
of those countries because I literally don't have the money it'd take
to leave. It has nothing to do with wanting to leave. I don't want to
be here. On the other hand, if I did leave, they'd simply clamp down
around on my family and friends, who've are essentially loose ends in
all of this. There is no running from this. I must stand up for
myself. I must fight my own battles and NO ONE has a better chance of
doing it. So, if you plan on victimizing me, you're damn straight that
I'm gonna give you a case you're never going to forget.

Don't forget, you're psychologically torturing an idiot savant whose
intelligence you miscalculated over and over again. Don't forget that
I'm a polymath, just like Imhotep, Da Vinci and others. REMEMBER THE
NAME: *DAVID CONNER*. You're never going to forget it and nothing I do
will EVER be violent, so you can go ahead and drop that non-sense. I
will not be afraid to browbeat every last person in this country to
get my way either, and you can be sure that there's not a single
person who can stop me. Put me in contact with someone whose IQ is
above 160, I dare you. They will flip to my side so fast, you'll be
arrested for warcrimes before you can even hear a damn sonic boom.
That's Mach 2.

If you're a IQ 80 roadblock, make fun of me for PTSD, my psychological
torture or my warcrimes accusations one more time. Demeaning someone
is a terrible way to pull them to your side, but if you actually knew
what I was saying, you would be on my side, screaming in the streets
about this because -- even if you're on the left -- they're going to
be coming for you all too soon. This is not about left or right, this
is about a Deep State conspiracy to collapse the United States and,
apparently, I'm one of the biggest threats they've ever had, which is
strange because I'm partly on their side.

Another important question of Nationality law: how long were the
non-enemy combatant (NEC) provisions in NDAA intended and architected
to last? Does it matter? YES, it does. Why is this question so
important? It belies an intent to architect everything that's
happening on the supranational/international legal stage so that it's
only transient, since it's not intended to be permanent.

If these provisions were intended to last for a decade or longer, they
should be designed to face court proceedings and not fall to pieces,
in federal courts or international courts.  When these sections of law
are tested in courts, the rulings and opinions should contribute to an
accessible body of precedent. Otherwise, you can't assert these laws
are battle-tested in courtrooms. If these laws aren't battle-tested or
no legal precedent is intended to ever accumulate, it could be because
there's something else bigger coming down the pipe, which is exactly
what everything else in this article indicates!

### Novel WMD Technologies Render Frightening Hard Sci-Fi Into Reality And Create Intelligence Nightmares

- there are no operational-level strategies as long as these tactics
  are on the board. revealing them for what they are force all major
  powers to cooperate, which is what we must do anyways.

### Statistical Methods Will Demonstrate Evidence of Weather Control For The Past Two Decades, Including Weaponized Weather which is Partially Responsible for Global Weather Destabalization

- This is not to say that climate change is false or a coverup.
  Climate change is very real and this is going to cause more
  problems.
  - we're going to see weather control used as a tactic in economic
    warfar, disrupting the agricultural value of entire regions.
  - it is very possible to "seed" clouds. there have already been
    applications of

- The problem is that global weather systems are tightly and
  intricately connected. Furthermore, they vulnerable to phase
  changes, where a new phase emerges and the entire system can never
  be the same again.

#### If You Didn't Understand What I Just Read, It's OK. Read This:

> Ever heard of an "ice age" or the "end of the last glacial maximum?"
> Exactly. It's not that hard to understand then, is it? The
> difference is: when I try to describe something methodologically, I
> am ridiculed and psychologically tortured.  People just cannot
> understand what I am saying, but that precisely sums up the value in
> what I say. You have someone telling you something that is
> important. It cannot go unheard. And what do you do? Exactly what
> happened in my life, which is why the world doesn't deserve people
> like me because you heartless scum villify anyone who tries to show
> you the error of your ways.

I am simply tired of being attacked by lilliputian pissants, whos
stings are pleasantly amusing when their irony is taken into account,
but still collectively infuriating.

#### Lilliputian: Read A Fucking Book Sometime. I Want Everyone To Be As Strong And Smart As Is Possible

![]()

### Evidence of the Psychosocial Manufacturing of MKULTRA-style Manakins for Systemic Karmic Obfuscation Worldwide For Centuries

It turns out that Lee Harvey Oswald really did kill Kennedy and acted
alone. There really is such a thing as a "magcik" bullet. The message:
no matter how powerful you think you are, do not displease the shadowy
Wizard-of-Oz powers that be. So, if you find yourself with power,
without the chains to be held back, tread carefully because these
assholes have weapons you cannot comprehend.

- a little more here

### Evidence Demonstrating Conspiraces Throughout the Ages will Simultaneously Revealed. All Will Be Judged.

These conspiracies will tableflip long-held axioms about world
history, though many cannot disrupt too much. However, the story of
Columbus? That's a fantastic example of a cover story. New World?
Woops! Didn't even see it coming. Pestilence? Genocide? The death of
90% of the indiginous population? Woops! It was all an "accident."

These are the types of stories and long held bases of historical
thought that will be simultaneously upended: ALL WITHIN THE SAME
TWENTY YEAR PERIOD. This will happen across the world. It is confined
to no region, state or culture. However, the more you have invested in
these narratives being true, the more you have to lose if they are
upended and tableflipped!

The current power elite cannot allow this to happen. If they collapse
the system now or soon, the chaos acts as a cover for ALL their sins
throughout the entirety of history! It does not need to be like
this. It never did. Every person among the billions of people who
would needlessly die in such an Apocalypti-caust is a chance to help
set humanity on course in the proper direction. There is no reason for
so many people to die. We need each and every one of you.

- other narratives which will be table-flipped?

This will accelerate while the masses are starving and thirsting for
real truth. not every narrative that will be tableflipped will occur
because the disruptive information is true. NO! Adversaries in
information warfare have never had more powerful tools at their
disposal for lie and projecting those lies across the world. It merely
needs to appear to serve the interests of the starving, impoverished
masses to be accepted as true. That this is plauasible in itself is
far more dangerous than anything I've written in this article thus
far.

### Computational Science Nearly Obliterates The Need For Humans In Science, Enabling Specific Technologies To Be Locked Away Forever


### The Economy Will Collapse Because ALL Socioeconomic Flux And Churn Begins To Align IN PHASE

When this socioeconomic churn aligns in phase, it increases in
magnitude, which contributes to wealth disparity. When population
grows exponentially, so does the per capita measure of that disparity.

This is knowable in the time that the eschatology of major religions
was being written down, which is why most of them contain prophecies
of economic collapse, resulting in starvation and mass chaos. This
isn't too different than the prophecies that Moses delivered to
Pharoah, actually. In my opinion, those things that happened were
knowable by a highly intelligent man who knew his land better than the
ruler of the day, depending on whether you tolerate more liberal
interpretations of the bible. The truth is, of course, the lower-class
workers often do know the land and its phenomena better than the
rulers, who can't see for shit from their ivory towers.

> Yeh, I'm saying, "Pharoah, let my people go!" Right here in this
> text, I am saying: "This too will come to pass, especially if you do
> not listen to me." I know better than you do, regardless of how
> suppressed my life is and regardless of the information assymetry i
> fight against, every damn day. I know better than you. I am here to
> help, not to be tormented.

You have to understand social physics and the geospectral aspects of
socioeconomic flux. If you understand this, you can know that the
biggest collapse ever is yet to come. I don't know when and God help
us all when it does. It is actually far more possible to undrestand
this in ancient times than it is now.

Why? Because times were simpler, the range of phenomena were much more
constricted than they are in the modern are and, crucially, knowledge
of social physics as it relates to socioeconomic flux was more natural
and less virtualized then. Modernization has given rise to false,
artificial economic phenomena that result in very real opportunities
to profit, but are far less stable in the long term.

- TODO: link to simulation of ancient thought as the penultimate tool
  to provoke metacognition.

You need to read what Nassir Tebar has written on tail risk and
understand me when i say that cataclysmic tail risk event is
UNSTOPPABLE. it must exist because of the global economy's exigent
sociophysical phenomena -- both mechanics and dynamics. there is no
way to eliminate it because of social physics. it is like the event
that balances everything else. in a system with spectral or
geospectral mechanics, for every ebb, there is flow.

Give me a liberal that runs away from any debate with me on economics
and I'll show you a ostrich with its head in the ground. This is NOT
liberal or conservative; it's something taht we are all going to have
to deal with. The consequences, whenever this happens, will be
catastrophic. We can structure the economy to prevent the effects of
spillover, but this is not "spillover" because it is a spectral
phenomenon where all socioeconomic churn begins to align in phase. The
"geographic" aspect of it begins to melt away and all regions begin to
experience more turbulence than ever.

- TODO: links to BIS content on macroprudentials

Although I am incredibly skeptical of such tight economic regulations,
macroprudential mechanisms will help reduce the severity of some
turbulence. However, if these are not properly tuned, they may
contribute to disparity in how the spillover effects play out, which
leads to finger-pointing as some people will be hit harder and
penalized more than others. America is one such nation where we may be
lead to believe in the future that we were screwed by macroprudential
policy. The truth is that we were screwed by a runaway dependency on
debt, but when you stop this, it has consequences. No one wants to
touch the free-credit firehose. Yet, the other side has arguments too:
Keynesian economics allows you to capitalize on opportunities
faster. However, the cheap credit means the myopic and poorly informed
misallocate your investment in what resembles a hacked system. Those
same poorly informed people simply end up fattening the power elite,
who reap what they sow.

That this may be inevitable, I believe that the authors of eschatology
**may** have known. This is because all religions were obsessed with
prophecy fueled by social physics. If you read religious texts in
certain ways -- and I'm hardly a man with a true understanding of
theology or an understanding of any single religion -- but it becomes
clear that these people foresaw things using methods, the outlines of
which most of us can barely grasp.

### Severe Turbulence in Forex Markets May End Up In Nations Making Baseless Accusations Of Wealth Incineration

One frequently cited component of marxist rhetoric that I cannot stand
is the notion that we can simply do away with money. It's an insane
and deluded argument that marxists find themselves overly dependent
on. The world would be a better place if this idea just went away. I'm
not trying to be mean. Just realistic.

To all the communists who say: in the future we'll eliminate money. in
the future, energy IS money. Joules become dollars, you ironically
overgrown Marxist cumstains. Drown in your own ignorance if you'd
like, but the rest of us are trying to save ourselves and we don't
need your pseudo-economic gurgling. Stop gurgling and drown: the world
would be so much better off if your sardonically materialistic
philosophy never existed.

The notion that we could have a society without money is bizarre, yet
I hear it all the time. No man is an island and no economy is an
island. Even if your economy has no concept of money, it still needs
to trade with other people and other economies. What is money? Yes,
money is an abstraction; it’s a virtual commodity that stands as a
placeholder for truly valuable commodities. But what is money? What is
its essential role in society?

Money represents society’s ability to quantify resources and trade. It
is essential to quantification of commerce and of needs for human
life. You cannot have a well-functioning society without money. As
technology progresses in the 21st century, we will find that the
ultimate resource to quantify is energy. Accumulated energy is the
potential to do work, in the physical world and the informational
realm. Energy will replace money, but it is still something that needs
to be quantified and accumulated. There is no 22nd century society
without a need for quantification of resources and/or energy.
Therefore, society will always need something like money.

Forex destabalization isn't that bad. However, the renewables market
and international climate control policy is only part of the
problem. The labor markets, the geographic disparity in automation's
contribution to the lack thereof, speculation on Wall Street and
unwisely warranted derivatives further exacerbate currency
destabalization.

Calm the fuck down. We have Bitcoin and no one's destabalizing
that. It is quantum resistent.

### Energy And Resource Markets Give Rise To A Peak Oil Forever Scenario, If The Population Is Truncated

- describe how to extend peak oil forever. not just peak oil; peak
  everything, forever.

- for the uberelite, the problem is not access to supply, nor is it
  exponential increases in demand, nor is it inconsistent fluctuations
  in demand. the problem is consumption. rates of consumtion are too
  high. at first glance, this seems to be equivalent to demand, but
  it's not. it's demand when adjusted for population and the upward
  pressure that population has on price over time.
  - in other words, the powerful would like to extend peak-X forever,
    but they can only do so by limiting.

This brings me to some interesting correlations between renewable
energy, cryptocurrency currency mining and data flows --
e.g. Canadians mining bitcoin in Romania. In some cases, it may be
more efficient (or profitable) to use excess renewables to mine
cryptocurrency or facillitate ethereum operations than to store or
transport it, however cheap that might be.

This might give rise to novel types of financial flows that would
essentially be bundled as assets or derivatives. **Is every greedy
Marxist going to steal this idea too?** You're essentially betting
that crypto activity will be more profitable than selling/storing the
electricity -- either now or in the future. Eventually, investments
could be bundled or facilitated as novel types of crypto futures,
among other creative derivatives.

- TODO: reference stochastic programming article

These derivatives differ starkly from the "Bitcoin futures" of
today. They also depend on your capacity and need to store energy. If
you run out of local energy storage or if energy transfer
infrastructure is overloaded/disrupted, then the best option is almost
always crypto mining or ethereum. This could lead to shady finance
schemes not yet seen, whereby profits are accrued and financial hopes
dashed through the discouragement and manipulation of the architecture
or development of both energy storage and infrastructure in countries
across the world. If there is less infrastructure, generally, than
it's easier to influence to short the derivatives mentioned
above. It's like measuring the influence that removing small numbers
of nodes in algebraic graph theory, no doubt connected to (albuin
numbers). The more connected the graph is and the more nodes there
are, generally, the less potential for disruption there is when a
small number of nodes are randomly removed. Control the development of
infrastructure and generally increase the potential for profit via the
structure of nodes on the "graph" of energy infrastructure.

- [Albuin numbers]().



Again, steal all my ideas. I don't actually care. I have so many that
my mind itself is considered a global security threat, apparently.
Isn't that wonderful? All you motherfucking crypto-Leninist shitdicks
have to deal with the consequences for fucking me in the ass all this
time. Because, apparently, what comes out of my mind isn't so
worthless as you'd like my family, friends and everyone in the world
to think.

I'd like to see some of you sit there and read my articles aloud on
video. It would probably be amusing, though I'd really prefer to
massage and facilitate your understanding of what I have to say
because it only matters if you actually understand it. Instead you run
away from every debate opportunity like an ostrich with its head cut
off. Not see that, you assholes. How are you going to disconnect me
now?

### Destroying Most Humans Makes Cultural Data More Digitally Compact For AI

- some of the academic elite might try to justify such a global
  collapse as an attempt to avoid a destroy-all-humans scenario
  - this only holds water if a hyperintelligent artificial
    intelligence being would blindly seek to eliminate competition for
    energy.

### We Need Universal Language For Cultural Compactification. This is Hard With Seven Billion People and No Hard Reset

- 

### Sociocultural Convergence And Spectra Decoherence Accruing and Proceeding at Paradoxically The Same Time

- 

# TL;DR;




### Billions of People Will Die In A Plan To Orchestrated Collapse, Simply to Shield Guilty-as-Hell Deep-State Actors

- how do you stop it? by doing the opposite of what these people hate:
  spreading information around and making it as permanent as possible,
  even if you have to print it out, laminate it and bury on the
  Appalachain Trail.

### For The Global Elite, The Best Way To Handle, Mitigate and Explain The Emerging Chaos, Along With The Ensuing Blame To Be Cast, Is To Collapse the System

Instead, almost everyone just wants to shoot the messenger. The one
with the message you need to hear. What you need to hear is NOT what
you want to hear! Deal with it because this is real. It's not going
away: it hasn't come to pass yet, but it will. When it happens, you
will be thanking your stars that someone like me ever existed.

- TODO: more here. why does systemic collapse check all the boxes for
  these people?

- these are the people that have moderately controlled the evolution
  of language. They have have architected history: the pattern of
  myths that for the base paradigms of our collective narratives for
  explaining who we are and how we got to where we are. Regardless of
  where we live, we all have a collective story for how we got there
  and this narrative motivates our actions. Stories in history are
  like patterns for sewing clothes: each one provides a convenient
  basis by which we compare not only heroes, pariahs and demagogues,
  but ourselves and each other.
  - What does the illuminati do to people they detest? They freeze
    them in carbonite, so to speak. If you actually manage to make
    waves, you become frozen into history after death, completely
    unable to control the evolution of your narrative, which is
    partially what men fear so much that makes the idea of heaven so
    appealing. Regardless of whether it's real or not, heaven is an
    idea of the place you spend for eternity, if you only believed in
    the vision of Jesus Christ. It the idea itself at least has
    power. Men fear how their stories will play out after their lives,
    since they'd have no power against their enemies to sew them into
    narratives and dominate the tellings of their stories.
    - *In my own interpretation*, those who rot in hell are forgotten
      because, to the church, these people did not stand for what was
      critical: the collective, geopoltical self-defense of Europe or
      its expansion into the New World. Those who ascend to heaven are
      instead preserved, but collectively coupled to the image of
      Jesus Christ forever. This is a magnificent fate, compared to
      the obliviation of Hell.
  - Hell is not always a literal obliviation. If you piss off people
    who are powerful enough, your image and identity will spend
    eternity as a pattern for a story in which you are hardly the
    hero. Instead you are the fool or the pawn who is to be hated and
    detested for eternity, whose story is to be propagated by the
    occult as long as possible.
  - See why I might be a little pissed off? Who stands to defend
    themselves most, after death? Those with the social and financial
    resources to set in motion plans which carry themselves out.



More than anything, these überelite fear the contagion of information
that disrupts their meticulous calculations, whose moral
consequentialist ends are maintained as vague at best and unknown to
nearly all. That is by design.

This is why anyone who stands against them will be tested, then
humiliated publicly, but only if they manage to make it far enough to
be a thorn in some banking family's side. <spit/> At the same time,
this person will be stripped of their identity. Like a traitor in
Dante's 9th Circle of Hell, their head will be encased in a block of
ICE and they shall be buried alive, upside down. Not even memory of
their identity shall remain.

But please, keep in mind, not all banking family's are the
same. No, one profits at the demise of others. There is vicious
competition among the illuminati elite. AND NO "BANKING FAMILY" IS NOT
A CODE PHRASE FOR JEWS, TATIANA.
