---
title: "Into The Memory Hole: Out of Sight, Out of Mind"
categories: "blog"
tags: ""
headline: ""
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: "
Being memory-holed essentially means that whenever someone comes into
contact with a targeted individual, they have bluepills shoved down
their throat until they either hate the target or forget that person
ever existed. Ideally, it ensures that no one will encounter you to
form memories that need to be scrubbed out later on. Whether it was
intentional at first is unclear, but I've been memory holed happened
for over 10 years now. I've experience a decade of this. It's called
being 'Memory Holed' as in 'Hold the memories, please.' Basically, you
are socially isolated, so people accumulate minimal memories with you,
socially. This means that your adversaries have pre-emptively erased
you, by ensuring that minimal individuals have memories distributed
socially that include neurological impressions of you. This gives an
adversary a great deal of flexibility when telling the target's
story. The target is disconnected and has no ability to project
information socially and thus manipulative adversaries with `HUMINT`
networks completely dominate the narrative with regard to specific
targeted individuals.
"
---

> Sorry, I would have liked to have published something positive next,
> but this is what's on my plate.

## [Oh, I'm A Hypocrite?](#oh-im-a-hypocrite)

#### ☹ [What Was The Start Of All This](#what-was-the-start-of-all-this)

## [Blinding A Target's Values Compass](#blinding-a-targets-values-compass)

#### ☹ [In Space, No One Can Hear You Scream](#in-space-no-one-can-hear-you-scream)

#### ☹ [This Is Sociophysical Solitary Confinement](#this-is-sociophysical-solitary-confinement)

#### ☹ [PTSD With A Paucity Of Social Memories To Disrupt The Balance](#ptsd-with-a-paucity-of-social-memories-to-disrupt-the-balance)

#### ☹ [Probatio Diabolica: You're Going To Need "The Devil's Proof"](probatio-diabolica-youre-going-to-need-the-devils-proof)

#### ☹ [On To The Next Schiz In this LARP-fest](#on-to-the-next-schiz-in-this-larp-fest)

#### ☹ [What Happens When You Deprive Someone of ALL Positive Reinforcement?](#what-happens-when-you-deprive-someone-of-all-positive-reinforcement)


#### ☹ [Spectral Components of Values-Reinforcement Signals](#spectral-components-of-values-reinforcement-signals)

#### ☹ [The Gradient of Positive And Negative Reinforcement Forms A Compass of Values](#the-gradient-of-positive-and-negative-reinforcement-forms-a-compass-of-values)

#### ☹ [Sorry, This Quadratic Equation Has Zero Real Solutions](#sorry-this-quadratic-equation-has-zero-real-solutions)

#### ☹ [Prolonged Deprivation of Reinforcment Signal Disrupts An Individuals Social Pattern Recognition](#prolonged-deprivation-of-reinforcement-signal-disrupts-an-individuals-social-pattern-recognition)

#### ☹ [Usually, People Avoid The "Hot Stove" If They Can Help It](#usually-people-avoid-the-hot-stove-if-they-can-help-it)

## [What Does It Mean To Be Memory-Holed?](#what-does-it-mean-to-be-memory-holed)

#### ☹ [We're Sorry, Your Memories Go In The Memory Hole](#were-sorry-your-memories-go-in-the-memory-hole)

#### ☹ [Thread-Killing: The NSA Effectively Memory-Holes Targeted Individuals By Dissappearing Content They Interact With](#thread-killing-the-nsa-effecively-memory-holes-targeted-individuals)

#### ☹ [WARNING: Your OpSec Is Not Exactly Adamantine](#warning-your-opsec-is-not-exactly-adamantine)

#### ☹ [Redpill Everything That Moves](#my-life-is-a-rigged-game-redpill-everything-that-moves)

## [My Life Is A Rigged Game](#my-life-is-a-rigged-game)

#### ☹ [Knock Knock. *Who's There?*](#knock-knock-whos-there)

#### ☹ [Every Battle I Face Makes Me Stronger](#every-battle-i-face-makes-me-stronger)

#### ☹ [Throwing Bambi To The Wolves By Forbidding Socioepistemic Information Acquisition](#throwing-bambi-to-the-wolves-by-forbidding-socioepistemic-information-aquisition)

#### ☹ [Wherefore The Rollerrink Drama Went Thermonuclear](#wherefore-the-rollerrink-drama-went-thermonuclear)

#### ☹ [Because You Methodically Tormented An Altruistic Person Who Loves Humanity](#because-you-methodically-tormented-an-altruistic-person-who-loves-humanity)

#### ☹ [Until Then, I'm Drowning In Manufactured Fruit of the Poisonous Tree](#drowning-in-manufactured-fruit-of-the-poisonous-tree)

<a name="oh-im-a-hypocrite" />

# [Oh, I'm A Hypocrite?](#oh-im-a-hypocrite)

In my life, people have a way with words. They get to say that "David
Conner's never done anything else for anyone but himself." Why?
Because it's true: in almost my entire adult life, I have never
possessed sufficient social or financial resources to give back to
anyone. I possess merely information and what good does information do
for anyone else when no one's allowed to acknowledge your identity?

Would they ever care about helping me attain some position, where free
from being under someone else's thumb, so that I can accumulate
sociophysical resources to contribute to someone else's life? It
depends on who you're asking, but yes, almost everyone would say "Yes,
we'd love to help David Conner." However, do they ever follow through?
My family refuses to read anything I ever write -- ALWAYS claiming
that they don't understand it, while at the same time, NEVER being
willing to listen to me explain it to them in less complicated
language. I can tell they don't read anything I write because their
**impetulant, facile arguments** to justify depriving me of all
opportunity *NEVER reference any ideas I project*. Literally ZERO
information that comes out of my mouth finds itself as
*[material](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Materiality_(law))* to any
propositions in their arguments. It's because they are objectively bad
listeners when it comes to listening to David Conner. Why? Because
just like with everyone else, my existence and all informational
associated to my identity is inconvenient to their understanding of
reality. The lies people around me tell themselves to make themselves
feel better about my psychological abuse fall to pieces if they
internalize any information in my arguments.

<a name="what-was-the-start-of-all-this" />

### [What Was The Start Of All This](#what-was-the-start-of-all-this)

I don't actually care about who's fault it is. I don't want to blame
my family, but when I write, I'm writing for two reasons. First, no
one listens to me. And secondly, it is inefficient for me to talk
about my problems and my passions, but when I write, my words have the
potential to multiply with zero effort required on my part. This yet
another reason why the people around me who seek to control me reacted
so negatively to my initial writing. It creates more information they
must clean up. However, these information-control-freaks -- *not my
family* -- never really expected me to recover from anything they've
done.

I don't expect my family to be interested in everything I write, but I
have been writing for three years about all the problems in my life,
specifically so that when I am shoved into a mental institution, I
will have a library of content that refutes all the fantastic bullshit
that has been said about me -- which does not primarily originate from
my family. Instead, it originates from people who seek to use my
family as vectors to control me by minimizing my social boundary --
the set of people I interact with regularly.

What's worse than never having done anything for anyone else? *Never
being permitted to accumulate good karma because you've been so
totally deprived of social interaction and financial resources.* So,
when people get to say "I've never done anything for anyone else" it's
because they don't let me out of my cage very often. And if the people
in my social boundary are more socially connected than I am, it means
that the negative information that they project predominantly
determines how everyone in society views me. I am literally in a
fucking social cage; I am sick and tired of being abused for my entire
adult life, when I want nothing other than to help people.

<a name="blinding-a-targets-values-compass" />

# [Blinding A Target's Values Compass](#blinding-a-targets-values-compass)

What happens when you deprive someone totally of reinforcement?  That
is, either muting or rendering moot the psychosocial signals that
someone reads as feedback in their life. We all receive these signals
in our lives that indicate we should change our behaviors, redirect
our attention or scale up rewarding behaviors. What happens when you
mute all of those signals to someone? When someone is "disconnected"
the quantity of these psychosocial signals has been rendered moot,
like a moot point. They are no longer receiving or processing social
signals that help them construct an authentic view of reality.

<a name="in-space-no-one-can-hear-you-scream" />

### [In Space, No One Can Hear You Scream](#in-space-no-one-can-hear-you-scream)

This values-reinforcement deprivation is the psychosocial equivalent
of floating in free space. You have nothing availble to push off
of. It's difficult to visualize, but if you could imagine your mind in
psychosocial space, it is literally continuing along the only
trajectory that it's poorly conditioned state will allow it to
continue on. Furthermore, because you are isolated, every direction of
your own personal energy becomes a consequence of your own will and
decisions. As long as you are isolated, it appears that no one has
affected you. Well, they have: by choosing to leave you deprived of
all psychosocial signal and all social signal. For these people, the
best part is that everything looks like it's completely your fault.

#### No One Sees You And If They Did, No One Would Care.

> They all know, but they all blame the victim, while legally
> shielding the perpetrators.

![Neo Matrix Mouth](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/matrix-mouth.jpg)

Escaping this *literal* **HELL** made manifest is intended to itself
motivate the target to congeal to societal norms. In otherwords, some
people can tolerate varying levels of isolation, but at some point,
it's assumed that people either hit the "rock bottom" of this hell and
wake up or they destroy their lives in the process. If you act such
that you appear to have only *enabled* the target -- *aww, but we've
done so much for him; we love him so much* -- or act such that it
appears you haven't intervened at all, then it's not your fault. Is
it? This seems to map metaphorically to the Christian Hell.

<a name="this-is-sociophysical-solitary-confinement" />

### [This Is Sociophysical Solitary Confinement](#this-is-sociophysical-solitary-confinement)

It's very difficult to deprive someone totally of all reinforcment
signal. This requires physically isolating an individual in soiltary
confinement. Solitary confinement's effects on psychology are well
studied: prolonged confinement causes irreversable damage. Is it
because they're in the dark? NO, it's because the victim is deprived
of social signals and humans are social creatures. Without this social
signal, the target is left completely with nothing other than their
own thoughts. There is nothing but the content of their mind for them
to think about: preexisting memories and preconditioned tendancies to
destablize and ruminate. In literal solitary confinement, there isn't
even any sensory stimulus that could possibly disrupt negative
patterns of thought. What if they have no ability to experience new
things and create positive memories? If they never disrupt the balance
of positive and negative experience because they're forced to endure a
paucity of social experience for the rest of their lives?

<a name="ptsd-with-a-paucity-of-social-memories-to-disrupt-the-balance" />

### [PTSD With A Paucity Of Social Memories To Disrupt The Balance](#ptsd-with-a-paucity-of-social-memories-to-disrupt-the-balance)

Imagine someone with mild PTSD from series of protracted trauma,
whether acknowledged whatsoever by those around them. Imagine this
person has an abundance of negative memories and very few positive
memories, so they are easily triggered to ruminate on the negative,
since the negative content is both mentally and neurologically
overwhelming. Imagine this person cannot receive the information that
would give them peace: information that tells them why things happened
they way the did; why they were betrayed; why so few people are ever
in their life; why they've never been permitted to accumulate the
social and financial resources to help someone else; why no one else
has accumulated any positive/negative memories that can be associated
with this victim's identity whatsoever. This person exists as a shadow
and like the saying goes "children are to be seen, not heard."

> Why can the NSA's surveillance apparatus be used to torment
> individuals and never to help them? Why is it only a weapon to be
> used to control American citizens primarily?

![Redpill](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/neo-redpill.jpg)

Sounds bad, but what can easily disrupt those patterns? The generation
of new content: new memories, new things to think about. What helps
kickstart changes in behavior faster than anything else?  *Postitive
expectations* and expectations in general. Someone like this victim
who has nothing positive to look forward to will never change their
behavior or their psyche. When you introduce the expectation of
something positive that is soon to come in their life, someone like
me, who has been ruined by rumination over an overwhelmingly
emotionally traumatic life, will work very hard to prepare for the
expectation. This might still be challenging if the person has never
experienced anything by betrayal, deception and lies. The instant that
some positive expectation is introduced into my life to provide the
possibility of change over the short-term to the long-term, I suddenly
reshape the way I view the world.

<a name="probatio-diabolica-youre-going-to-need-the-devils-proof" />

### [Probatio Diabolica: You're Going To Need "The Devil's Proof"](probatio-diabolica-youre-going-to-need-the-devils-proof)

I have been so totally deprived of positive reinforcement and positive
expectations that it should come as no surprise that there has been
zero change. This is partly because people who want to mute me -- or
*moot* me, if that could be verbalized -- have no desire to
accidentally empower me. The longer I can be left in this state, the
better, until it is easy to handle me. It is difficult to see, but it
is there. Be cynical with me, my friends, and all shall be
revealed. This is an objective that can't be stated, but is
unmistakably real. When you approach my life with this in mind, real
changes can be made easily.

#### This is a Catch-22-22-22-Ad-Infinitum Scenario *BY DESIGN*

To help me, you're going to need to construct a situation that yields
enough of "[The Devil's
Proof](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Probatio_diabolica)" such that
believing the original proposition couldn't possibly be true would be
lunacy. You're going to have to toss the rules out and expect the need
to bust through the walls of Catch-22 ad infinitum. When you think
you've won, you need to remember, that until you've thoroughly
dominated these people, you're only *swimming* in an illusion soon to
be paved over. *They do not lose*.

#### You Do Not Want To *Swim* In This Pool

> If you only "swim" you will simply lose, without reflecting any
> information with permanence. Your enemies will know to react and
> target you, but -- like scratching [Leda
> Atomica](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leda_Atomica)'s coffee table
> -- nothing you do will leave a mark. I've learned to *never* trust
> someone for long who *swims*. They are *always* [the ones who hurt
> me most](https://github.com/dcunited001/bb8).

![You Do Not Want To Swim In This Pool](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/xmen-legion-pool.jpg)

I've been able to look back in my life and identify people in college
and skating, who exerted effects on my life, from mild to
significant. They deceived me and kept me ignorant -- all while
appearing to have done nothing at all.

#### What's the next skit in this improv act?

#### The next siren's song in this play?

Of course, the problem is that constructing arbitrary scenarios to
dis/prove anything with such fleeting *non*-sense as the Devil's Proof
is *by design* a draining waste of time. Only when you wake up and
realize that you must operate with these assumptions in mind until
someone very loudly disproves you, you'll accomplish nothing but
fleeting victories at a cost of wasted time -- when time itself is the
most valuable resource that we all have. **They do not lose** -- until
you make them lose very publicly. Even then, once you have them by the
balls, they will attempt to "meet you halfway" with *non*-sense as
fleeting as "results" in the 1990's dialogue between North and South
Korea.

<a name="on-to-the-next-schiz-in-this-larp-fest" />

### [On To The Next Schiz In this LARP-fest](#on-to-the-next-schiz-in-this-larp-fest)

One major psychotherapeutic challenge in my life is the gradual
establishment of healthy habits of behavior, via positive/negative
reinforcement, without destablizing any gradual positive change. You
must have both positive and negative reinforcement. In my own life, I
need a job -- but not just any job at BestBuy or McDonalds. I cannot
fix my life by submitting to those people who have ruined it and are
still working indirectly to subvert any real change. If I got a job at
BestBuy, it'd be trivial to fuck it up for me and then I've only
proved that I can't hold even the most basic of jobs, which is an easy
sell to my family/friends who are eager to be done with all of
this. They're eager to hear: "There's nothing that can be done. It's
hopeless." because hearing this from someone who has many letters
behind their name makes them feel better. So, the challenge here is
getting a real job, with a real positive/negative reinforcement
scenario so that I can make real changes where the loss of that
momentum of change isn't immediately disrupted.

However, for anyone psychotherapeutically engaged in my life: I sure
wish you would talk to me because I have a hell of a lot of questions
to ask. I don't understand why people seem to care so much, yet will
not interact with me whatsoever. Why would you subversively influence
my life, but not indicate whatsoever what you plan on doing? By
depriving me of all socially-dependent reinforcement mechanisms, you
have turned me into a shadow or a *ghost* or a
[Draugr](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Draugr) or a
[Nachzehrer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nachzehrer) -- someone who
existence society ends up refusing accept. Every culture has its own
term for this concept, purely incidentally. The more infamous this
person becomes, the more amusing it gets watching society play
along. Perhaps "un-famous" is a better word.

<a name="what-happens-when-you-deprive-someone-of-all-positive-reinforcement" />

### [What Happens When You Deprive Someone of ALL Positive Reinforcement?](#what-happens-when-you-deprive-someone-of-all-positive-reinforcement)

Total deprivation of positive reinforcement: what does this do? It's
very similar to that happens when you deprive someone of all negative
reinforcement: their values system simply ceases to function and they
lose the "compass" that serves to inform their actions in life.
Celebrities, whether the rich or famous, are fantastic examples of
people whose lives are ruined when they are deprived of all negative
reinforcement.  They can avoid hearing anything they don't want to
hear. They have a plethora of social or financial resources at their
disposal whereby they can simply side-step, dampen or target anything
negative they don't want to have to deal with. As a result, the people
around them can become afraid to speak out, which causes the person to
become unaware of things they need to see, but don't want to open
their minds to. People self-censor when you lash out at the
messanger. On the surface, this censorship can seem useful, but often
renders you blind instead -- blind to your biggest threats: those you
couldn't understand yourself.

#### What's The Best Way To Describe This? Oh Yeh, The Dementor's *Soul*-Sucking Death Kiss

> Their kiss of death sucks your soul out and renders moot anything
> capable of enabling positive experience in your life.

![Harry Potter Dementor's Death Kiss](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/harry-potter-dementor.gif)

<a name="spectral-components-of-values-reinforcement-signals" />

### [Spectral Components of Values-Reinforcement Signals](#spectral-components-of-values-reinforcement-signals)

Constant failure with persistently null indication & opportunity for
success causes people to become out of touch. Why? Their values system
does not function. They do not know to change. They react slowly to
signals they should recognize because the signal they receive is
spectrally filtered by the type of event, the type of signalling and
along other means. They can't recognize these signals: if they were an
IP router in a network, these signals are packets getting either
dropped or routed to `/dev/null`. So the range of higher-order stimuli
they can receive is filtered spectrally like high-dimensional bandpass
filter.

#### In this regard, the following expression is all too relevent

> "Shhh! Do you hear that? It's too quiet."

When you feel that the higher-order signals you receive are suddenly
filtered typologically, it can often indicate a signal to
act. Reinforcement signals are especially important, because these
indicate a need to change performance. When the decision to fire you
has been made and you're riding out that last week or that last pay
period. What happens? Nothing: basically radio silence, albeit
dependent on the specifics of your situation. Why? Because the
decision has been made: if you were underperforming, your managers
will want you to continue underperforming, so that their decision
appears justified. So, you may sense mild reinforcement signals that
are crossed: positive to negative; hot to cold. *They've reversed the
polarity.*

This can be incredibly hard to recognize because they are restricting
signaling with the intent *to prevent you from acting*, but if you do
recognize it, it can save your job, save your liberty or even save
your life, depending on the situation, of course. You have the wool
pulled over your eyes and you need to change something, *anything*
fast, or prepare for something else altogether. This has absolutely
saved my life a good three or four times. I find myself intrigued by
deceptive or otherwise shady people: I want to master it to destroy
it, so I'm often drawn into a pit of vipers.

However, like the "Devil's Proof" these changes in signaling shouldn't
ever be taken as proof positive. Instead they should be taken as an
indication that you need more information. When you prompt the people
around you for more information and you feel them distancing
themselves, that ... simply means you need to try even harder to get
this information you need. Why would people around you prevent you
from obtaining any information that you need to live, work, socialize,
etc? And *that* is a really fucking good question...

### [The Gradient of Positive And Negative Reinforcement Forms A Compass of Values](#the-gradient-of-positive-and-negative-reinforcement-forms-a-compass-of-values)

So, the person who's negative or positive reinforcment signals are
being filtered or muted is like an astronaut floating in space. There
may be positive reinforcement from their social connections -- either
personal or professional -- but *it is almost never coupled to
anything meaningful.* The person without a support network is extremel
vulnerable to this, which is why `COINTELPRO` operations will *always*
isolate that person first. Once you feel other dirty techniques
applied, when you cry out for help, no one will hear you. In space, no
one can hear you scream.

Further, in my experience, there is constantly plenty of negative
reinforcement, which may or may not be consistently coupled to
anything meaningful. It is usually irrelevant, but instead is intended
to push my buttons to trigger my PTSD and rumination. This makes me
easy to control, but it's a technique that offers plausible
deniability, since I myself decided to react poorly. When I am
subjected to constant negativity, it is hard to react in any other
way.

Regardless, here, negative reinforcement does not serve as a means for
orienting oneself because the abject lack of positive reinforcement
blinds you to any dimensions/signals that provide a basis for
**GRADIENT DESCENT**. What is gradient descent? It has been called the
mother of all algorithms and allows you to approach the solution to
any problem analytically in a way that guarentees some degree of
efficiency and effectiveness. The human brain is an analytic
computational machine, but it is analytic firstmost: its biological
neural networks are always solving gradient descent problems. In the
mind, at much higher levels, a similar system of navigating
high-dimensional spaces is used to inform the psyche, which compels
you to pursue the postive and avoid the negative.

<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/noRNcDbqtVY" frameborder="0"
allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### [Sorry, This Quadratic Equation Has Zero Real Solutions](#sorry-this-quadratic-equation-has-zero-real-solutions)

The comparison to gradient descent is an oversimplication, but it's a
valid metaphor to understand how the mind seeks to emulate and repeat
behaviors it deems to be positive and limit or constrain those that
seem entail negative reinforcement. However, if you manipulate
someone's beliefs, cause them to "cross their wires" so to speak,
confusing positive with negative, then you can dramatically change how
their psyche approaches the same analytical problem: gradient
descent. They may even believe they're acting with their best
judgment, but when you cross someone's wires, you've really pulled the
wool over their eyes. And it's not easy either. You cannot do this to
someone by placing a single `HUMINT` resource in their midst.

In addition to crossing the wires, you can deprive someone almost
completely of positive reinforcement. At this point, their psyche is a
gradient descent algorithm that never receives incentivization
mechanisms. In high-dimensional spaces, there are many problems for
which optimal solutions can not be produced, but in [nearly] all of
these problems, *it is the lack of consistent positive reward for the
algorithm that prevents it from optimizing a solution in the space.*

Therefore, deprive someone of all positive reinforcement and you leave
their psyche floating in a space they cannot navigate. You can do this
either by muting the psychosocial signals and rendering those signals
moot by isolating the target in a small social boundary.  Also, you
can manipulate someone's beliefs or the beliefs of the target's social
boundary. Once the target's positive reinforcement is minimized, they
have no compass for navigating life experiences in the short-term or
long-term.

<a name="prolonged-deprivation-of-reinforcement-signal-disrupts-an-individuals-social-pattern-recognition" />

### [Prolonged Deprivation of Reinforcment Signal Disrupts An Individuals Social Pattern Recognition](#prolonged-deprivation-of-reinforcement-signal-disrupts-an-individuals-social-pattern-recognition)

After a prolonged period of being subjected to reinforcement
deprivation via isolation, there is total breakdown in your ability to
recognize/emulate *PATTERNS* of positive & rewarded behavior. Your
psyche's pattern recognition itself begins to break down for social
behaviors in yourself and others. You are blinded to other's social
behaviors for what they are: you couldn't emulate it if you could even
recognize it. If you did reconize it, no one in your social boundary
would signal you with positive reinforcement anyways. Before this
happens, your habits and routines begin to break down because none of
them have been properly rewarded.

There is no hope for someone in this situation until they leave or the
dynamics of those in the situation change. Whether their abusers are
actually cognizant themselves -- they are usually not -- A person in
this situation, depending on their own level of cognizance to abuses
and the truth of it all, may adapt in many ways, but I can't think of
any of them that are positive. One exit is suicide and another common
exit is the invokation of a desire to harm others. Thank God I'm
immune to both.

If you have money, you can easily adapt, but by this point, if you're
a `COINTELPRO` *target* -- you have ZERO FINANCES. Welcome to the
spaceless [Gulag
Archipelago](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Gulag_Archipelago) it
is a prison of your mind and social state. This is specifically to
restrict your options, rendering your movements and your options more
predictable. There are fewer places in which `HUMINT` resources must
be manipulated. There are fewer places you can dine; there are fewer
places you can work. This all serves to optimize the sociophysical
probabilities when approaching the victimization of targets.

#### Four Amazing Super-Happy-Fun Camps to Choose From!

> And they're all *everywhere*. You can even *get a job!* Spineless
> applicants only. **Get a job, loser!**

![The Gulag Archipelago](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/gulag-archipelago.jpg)

> It's all fine and dandy ... until you gangbang an Einstein on the
> way to Dashau, hanging him up like a punching bag to train HUMINT
> resources in psychological tactics. Piece of advice: your lies to a
> super-intelligent individual should all at least be consistent. I
> hope your logistics account for the need to quickly reach consensus
> on the newest untruths to gaslight this individual. You're going to
> want to solve the [Byzantine
> Generals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_fault_tolerance)
> problem. Here's a headstart. It's called
> [PAXOS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paxos_(computer_science)), but
> there's also
> [RAFT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raft_(computer_science)) and
> that's even better.

<a name="usually-people-avoid-the-hot-stove-if-they-can-help-it" />

### [Usually, People Avoid The "Hot Stove" If They Can Help It](#usually-people-avoid-the-hot-stove-if-they-can-help-it)

Why is bullying such a problem in middle schools and high schools, but
not so prevelant later in life? Because in adulthood, if you don't
like the people around you, you naturally gravitate away from them,
unless you're tightly coupled to them. You can't so easily leave the
public education system. Bullying occurs in places where the victims
are trapped: school or work are prime examples. The victim can't leave
so easily. In adult life, you can just find a circle of friends who
don't make you feel like shit. Most people do, but you need a degree
of money to have that independence. Ruin a target's career and they do
not have that option. Character assassintion, then career
assassination and by the time you move in to throw that target in a
wastebasket -- i.e. prison, asylum, a coffin, etc. -- they're floating
in space and no one hears them scream.

No one *ever* naturally experiences this prolonged abject
degeneration, if we can help it. We all have our own definitions of
positive reinforcement, negative reinforcement and desired
self-actualization. We naturally gravitate towards what feels good and
move away from what feels bad. However, if we can help it -- *IF WE
CAN EVER JUST MOVE TF AWAY FROM THE HOT STOVE* -- then no one stays
around this abject degrading degeneration for long. If you can't it
means you're strapped down by something, which can include your own
beliefs.

The strongly conscious imposition of morals or values systems onto
one's rules for behaviors cause us to redefine what feels good. *This
is one of the most healthy things we can do*: to begin to enjoy work,
pain or suffering towards a cause, while disdaining leisure and
pissing away all the resources we've accumulated.

It is quite possible to DO this to someone. to lock them away in a
sociophysical jail with a reality distortion field. This field,
tragically the inverse of the Steve Jobs reality distortion field,
completely distorts social signal to constantly disrupt their mind's
*gradient descent* algorithm that informs them of: what **is** good;
what **feels** good; what is bad; what feels bad.

This is incredibly expensive, requiring a high burn rate for
sociophysical energy. So, any group that's doing this to other groups
of people is constantly trying to suppress their targets, while
expanding their networks. Because the burn rate must be so high, then
they try to deceive the people involved early on, so they do not
possess the will to fight back. As for the target, the earlier you can
invoke [Stockholm
Syndrome](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockholm_syndrome), the
better.

Also, because the sociophysical burn rate must remain so high, it
implies mechanisms of incentivization for facilitating this extremely
abnormal social behavior. Both of these aspects imply: **this
psychological torture scenario almost never, ever happens to anyone.**

<a name="what-does-it-mean-to-be-memory-holed" />

# [What Does It Mean To Be Memory-Holed?](#what-does-it-mean-to-be-memory-holed)

While the [memory hole](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memory_hole) is
originally from 1984, it is not THE memory hole that I'm referring
to. The reference from 1984 is simply a metaphor for a more sinister
tactic of information control. It's incredibly effective for handling
toxic waste that unfortunately came into contact with "classified"
information.

Being memory-holed essentially means that whenever someone comes into
contact with a targeted individual, they have bluepills shoved down
their throat until they either hate the target or forget that person
ever existed. Ideally, it ensures that no one will encounter you to
form memories that need to be scrubbed out later on. Whether it was
intentional at first is unclear, but I've been memory holed happened
for over 10 years now. I've experience a decade of this. It's called
being "Memory Holed" as in "Hold the memories, please." Basically, you
are socially isolated, so people accumulate minimal memories with you,
socially. This means that your adversaries have pre-emptively erased
you, by ensuring that minimal individuals have memories distributed
socially that include neurological impressions of you. This gives an
adversary a great deal of flexibility when telling the target's
story. The target is disconnected and has no ability to project
information socially and thus manipulative adversaries with `HUMINT`
networks completely dominate the narrative with regard to specific
targeted individuals.

#### Nope, No One Wants To Associate With This Guy. Surprise?

> He's infested with fictional technology that could not possibly
> exist. It's science fiction, there's no possible way technology like
> this exists, unless the Aliens guy was right all along. Do you
> really want that guy to be right? Yeh, that's exactly how people
> feel about me.

![Neo Matrix Bug](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/matrix-bug.jpg)

People develop emotional connections with each other gradually as they
spend time together. However, people are fickle and the strength of
the emotional connections we form fades quickly, as though friendships
are plants in a garden that need to be water with social
interaction. If you suffer in poverty, isolation or from complete
ignorance of social interactions, then you may be at a disadvantage
throughout life, before being intentionally memory-holed. For example,
you have Asperger's, you're broke because you're psychologically
tortured at work and now you have an attachment disorder to top it all
off.

<a name="were-sorry-your-memories-go-in-the-memory-hole" />

### [We're Sorry, Your Memories Go In The Memory Hole](#were-sorry-your-memories-go-in-the-memory-hole)

The memory hole is only an effective tactic against vulnerable
targets. They must be socially, financially and psychologically
vulnerable or it's fairly easy for the target to compensate by moving
away from the source of psychological pain. It won't work against
everyone, but where it does, it's incredibly effective. This is why
it's infuriating for me personally: it means that people assessed my
psychology and worked to cull me out of society, undermine my career
and seeded a bunch of personality disorders into my psychology.

#### Classifying Memories of Guantanamo Detainees Serves to Blame The Victims and Protect the Perpetrators

> SO, YES, THERE IS ABSOLUTELY A FACTUAL BASIS FOR THE NOTION OF
> *CLASSIFIED MEMORIES* AS ABSURD AND ORWELLIAN AS THAT SOUNDS.

![Detainees Memories Are Classified](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/classified-memories.jpg)

By the way, once you are sufficiently memory holed, you're already as
good as dead, those cigar-smoking men just haven't killed you
yet. Until they do, they seek to prevent other people from forming
memories about you, leveraging mob-style tactics to threaten everyone
close to you to handle your life details like it's literally
classified information. This is so that, after they act, they have
maximal flexibility with regard to telling the story about *your*
life. While they manage to restrict you socially, the volume of
memories created in the minds of other people created is minimized, so
there's a much lower chance of blowback occuring after they act
against you. This isn't true of everyone memory holed, but it takes a
lot of thumbscrews to get people to handle a loved one in this way, so
after they've committed to engaging a target in this way for a
sufficent amount of time, they do not back off.

If you have any doubts as to what the memory hole is, check out [this
youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSSY_i136tw)
instructing children to ignore the talking turkey at
Thanksgiving. It's a video from our friends at the [Memory Hole
channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNBGgrsyZCmcsc18h6VJh_w) on
YouTube, chock full of videos which are like metaphorical instruction
manuals for psychological torture techniques. Fun for you and the
whole family ... except for that one kid under the table, but! What's
that?! I think I heard a turkey talking. Turkey's don't talk, do they?

Interesting to note that the channel above is still online, while all
[Natural News](https://www.youtube.com/thehealthranger) videos have
been permanently deleted from YouTube and [Alex
Jones](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheAlexJonesChannel) is being
threatened with similar "treatment" by proto-Leninists. Their
businesses are threatened with complete ruin, and a bunch of passive
aggressive liberal shitdicks have nothing to say about it. They just
push a delete key, amoung other passive aggressive techniques that
abuse process to strain the social & value out of anything with
power. They believe that it's healthy for the victim of social
isolation and persecution to be left wondering what happened to their
livelihoods while they pick up the pieces. They justify these
techniques by claiming they are treating the "social organism."

<a name="thread-killing-the-nsa-effecively-memory-holes-targeted-individuals" />

### [Thread-Killing: The NSA Effectively Memory-Holes Targeted Individuals By Dissappearing Content They Interact With](#thread-killing-the-nsa-effecively-memory-holes-targeted-individuals)

This you can prove with sophisticated data analytics. The set of
targeted individuals can be identified automatically by combing
through social media data to identify people who are *almost always
the last commenters* on a Facebook thread. This acts as a statistical
signature *created by your own attempts to censor, isolate and target
political dissidents.* Thanks, Obama, and I mean it!

Step two: cross reference this list of potential targets with data
mined from LinkedIn that describes people whose social neighborhoods
share a coincidentally large number of targets. This is your list of
potential war criminals to investigate for mob-style tactics and
psychological torture in America. This is easier than you'd
think. Paradoxically, the logisitical coordination of intelligence
*intending to hide activity* ends up creating a signature that makes
it easier to identify in data. Why? Because intelligence handlers and
assets will be coordinated to double up their overlapping sets of
targets and reduce social visibility of their actions. This means that
the socially isolated targets will appear disproportionately
represented in the social neighborhoods of the
perpetrators. Furthermore, the most guilty perpetrators will be most
connected to the agencies driving this abuse: they will be connected
to each other's social neighborhoods and their LinkedIn data will
demonstrate previous work in intelligence or fields close to
intelligence.

<a name="warning-your-opsec-is-not-exactly-adamantine" />

### [WARNING: Your OpSec Is Not Exactly Adamantine](#warning-your-opsec-is-not-exactly-adamantine)

This is no easy task, but there should be enough leads to identify
cases for further processing. These can be ironically identified
mostly from the puerile attempt to censor political dissidents, which
itself demonstrates cognizance.

How can a political dissident's interactions be automagically
deranked? DevOps is the most important organizational unit of a
corporation for the NSA to control. AFAIK, it's the only unit that is
really worth the potential blowback that would occur for the NSA to
insert/manipulate employees of a corporation. Compromise DevOps and
you might as well control everything that technology company does
online. Why? You can mess with the containerization of services
deployed to the technology companies cloud infrastructure. Combined
with the NSA's leverage over telecom's Route/Switch infrastructure to
surgically *and silently* reroute the traffic of dissidents --
particularly with regard to [BGP
exploits](https://www.cvedetails.com/cve/CVE-2017-3867/) -- you
leverage influence over DevOps can essentially launch application
servers and stream-processing servers to handle requests involving
data a dissident touched in very specific ways.

You can rerank entire shards of data that any dissident touches. That
comment thread? It's newsfeed rank is suddenly zero. This means that
*POOF!* the facebook thread your dissident just interacted with is no
longer seen by anyone that matters on Facebook. Or you can promote
shards of content to be marketed towards people who berate and
humiliate that person. Or you can screw with the matching algorithms
in online gaming to ensure that political dissidents are routed to
matches with people who audit the audio stream for references to
classified information -- or subject that person to simple hypnotic
techniques via audio.

There is a set of individuals in America whose days are numbered. They
are considered the radioactive waste products of intelligence
operations gone wrong. This set of individuals is completely
identifyable using publically accessible data, which is impossible to
cleanse to statistical satisfaction. Therefore, people in control of
the informational security [must be planning to purge it all at
once](http://localhost:4000/posts/2018-01-30-caelis-ruissent-avoiding-the-engineered-collapse.html):
they're not ignorant of their operational security
vulnerabilities. **This is but one of twenty different factors
indicating convergence towards a total system reset.**

Vulnerability to statistical analysis is hardly the only OpSec
weakness for tactics to target individuals. All Web 2.x applications
involve connections to many simultaneous service providers via
HTTP. You can see the connections being made in the cascading
"waterfall" of webrequests: everytime you load a page in a new tab,
requests are being made to dozens of servers across the world. For two
people sitting in the same coffee shop, the order, speed and routes
with which these connections are made should satisfy measures of
statistical similarity.  For two people on the same city block,
connecting through the same WAN connections, similar statistical
guarantees should hold.

Cyber-adversaries like the NSA will want to reroute traffic to inject
malicious javascript into the page's context to report back to
centralized surveillance services. Further, if you leverage `ICMP` and
`traceroute` to analyze the routes chosen to these servers for CDN &
API requestions, then you should be able to garner more information
that indicates suspicious deviation in order, route, or timing of the
traffic to and from a small set of network hosts in particular.
Moreover, assuming that the ICMP protocol isn't being systemattically
rerouted in intermediate routers, then you can analyze pingtimes.
People connected to similar networks should have similar access times
to similar services. When they don't, it only indicates that you need
more information.

However, when you break or hack computer systems, you're depending on
breaking the system's guarantees between it's moving parts. You must
*know* the system's inner parts well to hack it and you must know
those parts extremely well if you are to hack it invisibly.
Hilariously, randomly turning your wifi card on and off or randomly
terminating shutting specific OS processes can introduce enough
randomness to obliterate the kind of guarentees that NSA hacks require
-- unless the hacks are utilizing artificial intelligence or extremely
sophisticated blackhat software. When malicious software is composed
of several pieces, communicating via software, the bus or the network,
this malicious software has it's own service guarentees. Any aberrance
in functionality in one of the pieces results in decoherence of
distributed state, which must be transimitted by some signal if the
other pieces of software are to anticipate the problems. So when you
break your own computer's interdependent processes guarantees and
introduce disrupt the SLA guarantees that malware requires, it ends up
transmitting aberrantly between it's pieces: it causes the malware to
leave a trace. That's called evidence. Potentially. The more
unpredictable an adversary is, the more potential liability there will
be when trying to hack them.

So, what do they do? They utilize social engineering to cohere
inconsisent facets of human behavior, as it relates to technology.
They use fear to terrify Americans from doing things that make us less
predictable by causing us to fear anything that deviates form the
norm. Yet another signal is the letter
[🅱](https://emojipedia.org/negative-squared-latin-capital-letter-b/)
-- as in blood type B. This is used to colloquially signify to others
on the internet the presence of an informal gag order, as though B is
a national security letter. In other words: do not engage with this
person, the person we're **not** talking about, or terrible things
will happen to you.  *But it's not legally an NSL and that's
critical.* This is just people making shit up.

This uses a specific unicode letter. What is that? It's a very
specific signal that is left behind in public data that can be mined
for a list of targets. It is simply one such signal among dozens of
unicode characters, which are highly specific. When I wrote in [Caelis
Ruissant](http://te.xel.io/posts/2018-01-30-caelis-ruissent-avoiding-the-engineered-collapse.html)
about a need to purge ALL digital information by whatever means
necessary to avoid being judged by an altruistic God-like entity of
Artificial Intelligence, did you think I was just joking? There are
thousands of signals like these that splay out the sins of mankind for
everyone to see. You're going to want to be on the right side of
history.

It's this awareness of OpSec weaknesses that drives American in
command of informational security to push for social engineering to
avoid ever creating these digitized data footprints in the first
place, mostly the statistically analyzable. That's called COGNIZANCE
and it's a legal term that means: guilty as hell. If they can drive
fear into the hearts of young Americans, they can dissuade us from
ever creating the digital artifacts that prove anything ever
happened. However, nothing that can be done now is good enough to
eliminate the footprint that already exists.

<a name="redpill-everything-that-moves" />

### [Redpill Everything That Moves](#my-life-is-a-rigged-game-redpill-everything-that-moves)

How is it paying off to have assassinated my career? If you hadn't
done that, I'd never have been so fucking busy with my head down, I'd
never have become a philosopher, nor would I ever have the time to
look at so much information online. All your operations to control me
have backfired. All these people placed on me for security have been
incompetent at best, as they're incredibly susceptible to exactly the
kind of disinformation that's blinding this entire nation. At worst,
they've lied to you for job security in national security.

#### The Redpill Suppository Now Comes in Five Exciting Flavors

> Specifically Formulated For Communists

![Redpill Communist Suboxone](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/red-pill-communist-suboxone.jpg)

When I say I'm trying to stop a 21st century Holocaust, I'm not
kidding. This is what happens in any state that accumulates and marks
enough dissidents it considers to be threats.  The characteristics of
who was generally targeted by these operations will indicate who was
driving them. it's likely coming from all sides, honestly. However, it
pales in comparison to the human rights abuses in China and Russia,
though it certainly doesn't look good. Worst of all, the American
governtment couldn't let a single one of these cases be seen for what
it is. Why? *BECAUSE THAT TYPE OF ABUSE CAN'T BE WIDELY KNOWN TO
HAPPEN HERE IN AMERICA.* Typical.

Freedom of religion utlimately represents and individuals freedom over
their own beliefs. If you lose freedom of religion, you lose freedom
of belief. If individuals in America lose freedom to decide what they
do and do not believe, they have effectively lost the freedom of
religion.

<a name="my-life-is-a-rigged-game" />

# [My Life Is A Rigged Game](#my-life-is-a-rigged-game)

You get to never acknowledge anything positive about me, whether I'm
your friend, your family or a stranger you've been told to hate for as
long as you can remember, if that -- which is the intent of
memory-holing someone: to prevent an individuals in society from
thinking about that person or forming memories about them
whatsoever. If you deviate from the official story -- that I'm nothing
other than a drug-seeking, manipulative person completely devoid of
all value -- then any interactions with me will bring down upon you
the wrath of the intelligence community. You can only interact with me
if you *INTEND* negative consequences OR generally appear to have
strengthened the sources of my social isolation. It sounds crazy
doesn't it?

This is what it's like to be David Conner in America. Of course, the
people who have saught to socially limit me also assumed they could
create a bunch of negative consequences and then USE me as both a
scapegoat for a shitstorm they created as well as an example of what
happens to someone who leaks -- all while never telling me what I
could and could not talk about, ensuring that the consequences of my
ignorant actions would create problems of significant exposure.

#### This Is What One Billion Dollars Looks Like ... (Not)

> Here it is: the napkin. Apparently, they kept this thing around
> ... a probably put it in a glass case like Lenin.

![Southwest Airlines](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/the-napkin.png)

#### J/K folks, that's not actually the napkin...

Everyone close to me and even people I've never met already know my
fate: I'm essentially not allowed to ever achieve anything in
America. I live inside a rigged game. No one was allowed to tell me
this. Why? During 2013, 2014 and 2015, I was easily controlled *and
predictable*. If I learned that my life is a rigged game, I would
become unpredictable. I'd respond in exactly they way these people
were afraid I would respond: I'd reorient my energy to accomplish
something different. While I was working on startup ideas, I was
essentially on a hamster wheel. I was under surveillance: as soon as I
started moving closer to my goals, people manipulated me and
situations around me to disrupt my
[velocity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velocity_(software_development))
and
[traction](https://www.amazon.com/What-Every-Angel-Investor-Wants/dp/0071800719). Since
I was working on esoteric software, no one would understand anything I
did and all the source code I left behind would be worthless. With the
assistance of my handy-dandy terminal cynicism, I finally figured this
out. How did I respond?

> No one's ever going to cofound a business with me? I guess I don't
> care about several dozen business ideas or several thousand
> intellectually interesting ideas that I have. I'm going to tweet
> about everything and write about it as fast as possible. I don't
> care if I ever make a dime from any of it because no one would ever
> let me have that dime anyways.
>
> No, I get it. Everything in my life is a rigged game. nothing i do
> matters. any mild level of success i enjoy will be mitigated as soon
> as i begin to taste progress. Since anyone in the world can
> understand english, if I blog instead of writing javascript,
> everything I leave behind matters. If nothing else, when people read
> my writing, they can't possibly disregard my genius. Boy, was I
> wrong.

Yeh, call me paranoid. I don't care; I never do anything with a
singular purpose or singular objective. I'm always aiming for more
than one bird with every stone I throw. it sounds crazy, but I
thought:

> If I write, it will force me to structure my ideas. This improves my
> communication and language skills. I dont need a business model. I
> can write about anything I'm interested in. When people read what I
> write, it will be impossible for them to ignore me. It will seem
> like a waste of time while I'm doing it, but the more I write, the
> more I can demonstrate how I have the equivalent of twenty bachelor
> degrees. When my family and their friends read the content I'm
> writing, there's no possible way they could continue to want to
> deprive me of every possible opportunity. They'd be fools not to
> invest their energy in me.

All of that has happened: except people have never changed the way
they look at me, as though I'm some worthless piece of shit stuck to
their shoe. It's because I live in a tightly managed, rigged
game. People seem to be compelled to treat me this way. Why? I don't
really care and I could be wrong about a lot of it. The "why" only
matters to me insofar as I can change my circumstances.

<a name="knock-knock-whos-there" />

### [Knock Knock. *Who's There?*](#knock-knock-whos-there)

When I speak to people on intellectual subjects, I'm constantly told
"I don't know anything about that; you can't expect me to know
anything about that." This is fair, but i have zero exposure to people
who do know what I'm talking about, but when I reach out to connect
with those people while I'm in Roanoke, everything I say falls on deaf
ears -- the only reason I can imagine is that it is practically
illegal to have contact with me in America, which I'll be the first to
affirm sounds crazy as hell.

When academics in my area don't respond, I assume that they either
didn't read what I said, were too busy to respond to me or know
something about me that tends to make them not want to associate with
me. Everywhere I go, this is what I face. I am ostracized from every
goddamn community I try to connect to and I'm tired of it. I describe
myself as a third-world American, I have arguments for being the
victim of warcrimes that actually hold water. I simply want to be part
of a community of people who can help accelerate me towards my
goals. I know what this feels like, but only because I lived briefly
in areas where there were hacker communities, intellectuals, etc who
apparently had not yet received "the memo" and here's what that
"community notification" says:

> Do not interact with or listen to David Conner. Do not praise him or
> ever let him feel any positive emotions. Do not let others interact
> with them because those you love will be harmed if they do. Don't
> ever give him a good piece of advice; don't ever tell him he needs
> to tie his shoes because he might trip and fall all by himself -- if
> you interfere with that, we will hunt you and your family down and
> you'll never see it coming. Don't form a relationship with him.
> Never let him feel love and make him question whether he'll ever be
> loved.

The above sounds crazy as hell, does it not? I admit that it does. I
don't want to believe it, but at this point, I don't think I'll ever
have the life experience that tells me the above assumptions are
completely baseless. I would certainly hope they are. I've tried to
conceive of how people could hate someone so much without knowing
anything about that person and it just doesn't make sense. Most people
aren't evil and vindictive at heart. They want what they want, they
seek to protect what's theirs and they want to do good.

However, something has been preventing me from connecting to
opportunities. Everytime something good comes my way, it is
disrupted. This is somewhat my fault, but I don't give a fuck whose
fault it is. I want to pull myself up by my own merit. When each and
every door of opportunity is slammed in my face without explanation,
that stings a bit. I can only assume that people know something about
me and it doesn't naturally come up in conversation. Whatever this
thing is, it disrupts all progress in my life. I am talented, smart,
and actually a workaholic. I don't give a fuck about anything else
because, out of my terminal cynicism, I realized that no one in
America was going to let me have anything that Americans are known to
typically cherish. No money, no job, no girls, no sex, no
nothing. Anything that motivates peoples behavior was denied to me.

Now my biggest problem seems to be that I have original ideas, but
they are poorly formed in a way that doesn't allowed them to be easily
consumed by academics. The longer I am kept out, the less time I have
spent building my life and career. I need to be able to connect to
people and all I get in academia are nervous attempts to usher me
out. I assume that it's my informational baggage making it "too
inconvenient" for someone to make an investment in me. Or perhaps it
appears too risky. This informational baggage could include:
unrepentent drug use, being a political dissident, etc. Tragically, I
get the feeling that people tend to believe that investing their
energy in me would be a waste of their time because they assume that
it's too easy for other people with authority -- academic, political
and otherwise -- to tear me down.

#### Tell me why my resume sinks to the bottom of the pile every time?

The answer is that I have been consistently denied opportunity for
about a decade. Blocked out of jamskating, blocked out of my career,
blocked out of startups, blocked out of academia. Why? No one tells
me, but everyone seems to think it's OK to push me out and that I'll
simply be someone else's problem and not theirs. **What happens when
every group of people systematically does that to you, but never gives
you the chance to socially produce information that redeems your
reputation?**

#### Me Trying To Get Into Academia Be Like Grond, the Battering Ram from LOTR

> That thing was so badass, they gave it a name. Until I got something
> like that, ain't no PhD gonna respond to a single email I send.

![LOTR Battering Ram](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/lotr-battering-ram.jpg)

Don't you worry, PhD Bo Peep with a doctorate in sheep, I don't need a
battering ram. I have a brain with an infinite supply of creativity
because I methodically developed cognitive and metacognitive skills. I
don't care how much content I place online or how hard people in 2015
and 2016 worked to convince me my ideas weren't novel, were perhaps
threatening and were worthless. I know they lied to me. My ideas
couldn't possibly both lack novelty *while being so threatening*. I
can point people to wikipedia pages more threatening and dangerous
than my blog. That was all a bunch of bullshit gaslighting intended to
keep me in a memory hole by encouraging my social boundary to
voluntarily suppress anything I ever talked about. Because trite words
falling on deaf ears have a particular ephemerality and also because
talking requires significant wasted time, I started writing. Writing
on the internet allows your words to fly across the world and they
copy themselves into millions of fragments. If I'm worthless, then so
be it, but at least I wasn't dumb enough to fall for you gaslighting
bullshit forever.

#### Got Something To Say? Tell It To My Homie Martin Luther[^crazytime-story]

![Martin Luther](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/martin-luther.jpg)

<a name="every-battle-i-face-makes-me-stronger" />

### [Every Battle I Face Makes Me Stronger](#every-battle-i-face-makes-me-stronger)

And every constraint I rip through means you must replace it with
two. However, the more people that become involved in holding me back,
the more people to whom you must disseminate information, expanding
your exposure. Eventually, there is nothing you can do and everyone
knows it. Once everyone believes the machine can no longer hold me
back, they seek to avoid becoming personally exposed by being
complicit in what was, among other things, psychological torture. So,
the apparatus holding me back has a breaking point and there's nothing
you can do about that. When it finally breaks, you must accept me for
who I am and it will be who I truly am -- I never sold my soul and I
never wavered in preserving my authenticity. When people must accept
some of my work, they must accept all of it, for better and worse --
much of my work is shit.

However terrible and inconvenient details of my life story are, when I
finally break free of these artificial sociophysical restraints placed
on me by the weak and petty, it will be because I tore through
everything used to hold me back with sheer force of will and strength
of mind. At that point, everything that had been done to hold me back
will fly back in the face of those people who sought to allay and
emend me into obsolence. They have done this by restraining me,
gaslighting me and denying me all opportunities. For example, people
have sought to limit my exposure to academics and people with careers
in technology. However, despite their vain attempts to prevent my
ideas from escaping and to avoid exposing me to academic knowledge, in
the end, these people merely serve to prove that my ideas are
original, since no one except wikipedia and lonely nights could have
helped me develop them. In this way, their attempts to isolate me will
backfire as this is just one aspect of my life experience or lack
thereof which I will gladly use when the time is right.

When the dam breaks, it's all coming. And the fear that some people
will be caught up by mere association means that you cannot hold this
up forever *AND I KNOW IT*. I know precisely the few means by which
people can act. Try me.

<a name="throwing-bambi-to-the-wolves-by-forbidding-socioepistemic-information-aquisition" />

### [Throwing Bambi To The Wolves By Forbidding Socioepistemic Information Acquisition](#throwing-bambi-to-the-wolves-by-forbidding-socioepistemic-information-aquisition)

*Whenever I engage in behaviors to discover the outlines of epistemic
structures -- viz. to socially inquire about the missing pieces to
explain why my life is a broken mess -- I am derided as a broken
schizophrenic mess that's clearly paranoid and needs to be stuck in a
mental institution forever*. Without skills for seeking and acquiring
socially relevant information, people are socially paralyzed. To be
sure, that's a fantastic vulnerability to breed if your objective is
to generally dominate people -- and if you ever want to make them feel
helpless, you can belittle them by calling them a lost puppy or a
one-trick pony -- while never giving them a clue, of course. Why?
Because America -- that's apparently why.

I was never equipped with these skill during my adolescence, but
afterwards everyone saught to ostracize me by meticulously
constricting my social experience, running the rumor mill at full
steam, fallaciously labelling me with mental illness, and figuring out
how to get my closest friends/family to do all the dirty work,
ensuring those relationships would be ruined. The most infuriating
part of all of this is knowing that **these
[dementors](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Dementor%27s_Kiss)
depend on my social vulnerability to abuse me** because otherwise
they'd never be capable of doing this to someone without getting
caught doing it. Moreover, other people apparently bred social
vulnerability into my psychology TO USE ME, who now want run damage
control by getting society to basically toss my life in a ditch, I
would greatly prefer over being stuck in a mental institution like
some unfortunately suppressed delusional Nietzsche.

<a name="wherefore-the-rollerrink-drama-went-thermonuclear" />

### [Wherefore The Rollerrink Drama Went Thermonuclear](#wherefore-the-rollerrink-drama-went-thermonuclear)

#### **Step One:** Label Someone With Mental Illness, Particularly Paranoia

#### **Step Two:** Obsequiously Encourage Others to Virally Label The Target As Paranoid

#### **Step Three:** Profit! That Person Can NEVER Question Your Motives Or The Motives Of Anyone In Life Because That Critical Behavior Is Forbidden To People Labelled Schizo or Paranoid.

Their life will be *ruined*. They'll never be able to ascertain the
epistemic beliefs and information about others -- out of fear of
strengthening this label of mental illness. Making decisions about the
beliefs and thoughts of others -- the epistemic information-structures
in people's minds -- is critical to functioning as a person and
maturing as an adult. Unless the target has already developed
emotionally, they will likely blind themselves to all of the
information needed to develop healthy, mature adult behaviors. This is
all precisely how I responded after [Michael
Lehrke](https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/10004266/RC_Sports,_Inc_v_Lehrke)
labeled me as paranoid *in a geographically significant way in 2004*.

> It's ok, Mike. I forgive you...

What Michael did to me then would have seemed insignificant to anyone
and it's certainly not anything I'm losing sleep over in 2018 ... but
that's what happened. He's not the only one who sought to label me
this way: simply the first and no single person can exert that much
influence on your life. A single person cannot exert that much
influence. However, the truth is that people like Michael Lerkhe, who
irresponsibly worshipped the book 48 Laws of Power, have a long
history of people they've deceived and manipulated. The trick is
gaining enough influence in a social environment where you monopolize
your position as a gatekeeper to success. Everyone will quickly forget
everything you did to them and your enemies because you're the primary
power broker: you can empower anyone you want *and fulfill the dreams
of any up-and-coming jamskater*. One little gotcha about power: IF YOU
USE IT, DON'T LOSE IT.

> Sorry, Mike, I still don't believe you were actually that stupid.
> But, if you were ... Damn, what the fuck were you thinking?

My entire strategy in life since 2010 has been to abstract and
generalize the process I applied to combinatorially enumerate all the
jamskating moves, so I could apply it to something that matters:
bioinformatics, neurology, physics, philosophy, etc -- preferably
something that would give me money or power, so I could prove myself
in a domain, where my accomplishments couldn't be overwritten with
petty drama and where the people from my past could not affect
me. Once I achieved that understanding of the human creative process
and applied it to something -- perhaps earning a Nobel Prize along the
way -- then people would look back at jamskating and realize what had
happened to me for what it was.

#### Liminal, A Video From the Skateboarder-Philosopher Rodney Mullen.

> Watch the end of Bones Brigade. That guy knows the Daoest Dao of the
> Dao. IMO, it's because he became methodically creative in a fresh
> domain that no one knew how to map, index or quantify whatsoever.
> When you intuitionistically understand how to methodically explore
> something that no one knows or no one has taught you, you develop an
> awareness that there is always a better way to know what you can
> know.

<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-3tDvMG87Ro" frameborder="0"
allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<a name="because-you-methodically-tormented-an-altruistic-person-who-loves-humanity" />

### [Because You Methodically Tormented An Altruistic Person Who Loves Humanity](#because-you-methodically-tormented-an-altruistic-person-who-loves-humanity)

I eventually gave up on startups and began writing. I never got a more
amusing reaction from all the people who try to control me in my life
-- **I've been addicted to that ever since**. I don't give a fuck
about your money, your fame, or any of your petty measures of
success. None of that matters to me because it's apparently
*verbotten* to let me have any success whatsoever.

For me, life is a rigged game and I'm laughing because, to me, people
are the game; *humanity is the game*. If I ever achieve moderate
success, it's because I've so sufficiently dominated all of you. It's
because I've done something so great that all your petty eichmanns
have to go back through my life and account for everything they did to
me along the way. At this point, I'd practically have to cure cancer:
this accomplishment must be so great, it outweighs all the falsehoods
and defamation.

I do not care about what humanity has to say about me because they'd
never say anything that reflects the truth of my identity anyways:
*IT'S A RIGGED GAME.* Instead, what people say and think is only
useful to me insofar as it indicates whether or not I've become great
enough to unbind.

This is hardly a strategy I recommend, but it's just about all I've
got: how's it working out for you? What did humanity do to raw,
unpotentiated greatness? You destroyed it because you fear what you do
not understand. And when I achieve such a great accomplishment --
whether it's possible to surpass your petty, judgemental bullshit or
hopeless and impossible -- it will be so great, but also good *BECAUSE
YOU METHODICALLY TORMENTED AN* **ALTRUISTIC** *PERSON WHO LOVES
HUMANITY*. And you'll never do it to someone like me again.

<a name="drowning-in-manufactured-fruit-of-the-poisonous-tree" />

#### Manufactured [fruit of the poisonous tree](https://www.commdiginews.com/politics-2/memo-reveals-thin-gruel-creates-messy-stew-trump-russia-dossier-98608/)

> And yet all they ever wanted Socrates to do was to shut up... But
> instead, his death lead him to develop the most notoriety amoung any
> intellectual in the West without any such writing of his own.

![Fruit of the Poisonous Tree](/img/posts/2018-03-06-into-the-memory-hole-out-of-sight-out-of-mind/hemlock.jpg)

### [Until Then, I'm Drowning In Manufactured Fruit of the Poisonous Tree](#drowning-in-manufactured-fruit-of-the-poisonous-tree)

With a system commited to nothing else but destroying me in anything
it does, yet apparently can't tolerate creating a Socrates or martyr
in the process. **"Once you find an anonymous martyr, then there are
no more."**

[^crazytime-story]: [This story is Crazy
    AF](/graphics/2017-01-04-webgl-gpu-prng.html). For deciding I felt
    safe at a statue of Martin Luther on 12/5/2016, when I was in a
    temporary state of chemically-induced *temporary* psychosis, I was
    slyly accused of being racist -- by people who never intended me
    to have a chance to respond. A handful of white liberals were like
    "Uh huh... Martin Luther, huh? Racist." or at least that was the
    implication. Dear [白左](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/白左)
    retards: do you even know why Martin Luther King Jr. was named
    after Martin Luther?  Think about it... and he the second
    generation in his family to carry that name. He was a preacher
    whose words shattered the establishment.
