---
title: "The Sword in the Stone: A Sociophysical Leadership Selection Protocol"
categories: "blog"
tags: "social-physics"
headline: "The Illuminati is the Anti-Santa"
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---

## [What Was The Sword in the Stone?](#the-sword-in-the-stone)

#### [A Myth To Test The Mettle and Steel of the Ideal King](#a-myth-to-test-the-mettle-and-steel-of-the-ideal-king)

#### [The Galvanization Of The Strongest Leader](#the-galvanization-of-the-strongest-leader)

#### [Arthur, The Unlikely, But Certain Hero](#arthur-the-unlikely-but-certain-hero)

#### [The Karmic Consequences of Power: A Sociophysical Paradox](#the-karmic-consequences-of-power-a-sociophysical-paradox)

#### [Poison Pen: The Methodological Defamation Machine](#poison-pen-the-methodological-defamation-machine)

#### ...

#### [How Did Arthur Pull The Sword From The Stone?](#how-do-you-pull-the-sword-from-the-stone)

## [Social Physics: It's the Secret Sauce of Legends](#social-physics-its-the-secret-sauce-of-legends)

#### [The Teleological Inculcation of Sociophysical Intuition](#the-teleological-inculcation-of-sociophysical-intuition)


#### [Social Physics: Event-Driven Programming](#social-physics-event-driven-programming)

#### ....



<a name="the-sword-in-the-stone" />

# [What Was The Sword in the Stone?](#the-sword-in-the-stone)

The (illuminati) have crafted myth and legend, narratives of heroes
which are meant to play out generation after generation, that function
to establish filters that cause the virtuous, righteous and
intelligent to sift higher into society, so that their society is as
strong as possible. The sword in the stone is such a myth, probably
crafted by Merlin -- or the unknown historical Merlin. While perhaps
not a myth of this mysteriously vague Illuminati, it is fascinating
all the same.

Merlin was the classic wizard: someone who wove together the fates of
men from the shadows of the ostensibly greater men; someone who defied
common comprehension and still does, 1,500 years later.

#### John Dee - [Mona's Hieroglyphica](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monas_Hieroglyphica), the Hieroglyphic Monad

![John Dee](/img/posts/2018-01-22-semioteleological-revolution/john-dee-hieroglypic-monad.jpg)

<a name="a-myth-to-test-the-mettle-and-steel-of-the-ideal-king" />

### [A Myth To Test The Mettle and Steel of the Ideal King](#a-myth-to-test-the-mettle-and-steel-of-the-ideal-king)

While the role of monarchs has waned in the modern era, such tests are
still incalculably valuable for determining who deserves to lead by
determining who has the sharpest vision, the most unyielding mettle,
and an unquenchable resolve. Today, the power of myth itself is
waning.

How does the Sword in the Stone sow the seeds of leadership across the
British Isles? If Merlin created the challenge, why could he not solve
the Sword in the Stone himself and become king? Who would follow him
if he had? Morever, the long-term objectives of this myth seem to be
in creating not just one leader, it galvanized many strong men and
while they all developed strength, few of them developed the actual
traits required to release the sword.

<a name="this-kings-selection-myth-as-a-sociophysical-protocol" />

### [This King's Selection Myth Was A Sociophysical Protocol](#this-kings-selection-myth-as-a-sociophysical-protocol)

Why could the myth not begin and end with Merlin: someone had to spead
the myth. Behind the scenes, people had to acknowledge this leader as
King of Britain. In this way, the myth of the Sword in the Stone was
like a protocol for selecting King's Candidates.

On one end of this myth and protocol, you have all the common people
and their children struggling to elect themselves king by sheer feat
of strength. Yet, no such brute force could ever unsheeve this
sword. it didn't matter how physically strong you were: that was not
the king that Britain needed. However, this challenge brought many to
test their strength against the stone.

On the other side of the protocol, you had crazy ol' Merlin roaming
the land, trying to get tribal leaders to agree to become oathbound in
following whoever pulled the Sword in the Stone. In consenting to such
a hypothetical agreement, these leaders perhaps thought they'd swore
to follow a king they assumed would never exist: they believed that no
man could ever exist that would accomplish such impossible feat of
strength. It was proposterous. They'd send men to inspect the actual
sword in the stone, which generates sociophysical flux towards a
central point in the land. This is no doubt a clue to the original
location of such a sword, if any of my theories hold up. This is why
social physics is so fascinating: it's a fresh lens on many mysteries
that we perhaps thought lost to the sands of time.

This leadership-selection protocol to work, there were two main
sociophysical mechanisms at play. The first is obvious: the magnetic
allure to draw men to a central point of Britain to attempt to draw
the sword. The more impossible the challenge seemed, the more magnetic
it became. The second sociophysical mechanism was much harder to see:
Merlin had to convince or swindle the informal, de facto leaders to
agree to follow the champion who solved this riddle. Without people's
tacit or explicit agreement to follow the future King Arthur, anyone
could pull the sword from the stone and simply be a looney leader with
no followers.

<a name="the-galvanization-of-the-strongest-leader" />

### [The Galvanization Of The Ideal Leader(s)](#the-galvanization-of-the-strongest-leader)

So, who was the ideal king that Merlin was searching for to lead
Britain? There's the obvious leader, who everyone would follow, but
that individual wasn't the only leader Merlin wanted to create. Merlin
needed to generate high volumes of sociophysical flux: chatter to
drive people to become leaders in and of themselves. The common people
would need to talk about becoming stronger and why it was preposterous
for anyone to follow the eventual yet-to-be King Arthur. What was a
leader to them? That is the conception they needed to form in their
minds, followed by the action the most perseverent among them would
surely take to become the strongest individuals they could be.

#### Arthur, the Undefeatable King, Exclaims "EXCALIBER!"

> No, it's ... not "[Excelsior](https://github.com/dcunited001/bb8)",
> as strange as it is [that Bobby]() knew what the [NY Overwatch
> team](http://liquipedia.net/overwatch/New_York_Excelsior) is
> named. This is a fascinating scene. Not much left of the 'Castor'
> servant after this&nbsp;&nbsp;point. Excelsior also refers to wood
> chips used in fragile 'packeges' needed to be handled with care.

- TODO: footnote
  - also mention the other meaning of excelsior

![Arthur, the Undefeatable King, Exclaims "EXCALIBER!"](/img/posts/2018-01-22-semioteleological-revolution/saber-undefeatable-king.jpg)

This is social engineering at its finest: the methods were not forced,
but if these theories hold up, these methods would have been
effective. If Merlin truly wanted to catalyze the social development
of Britain, one leader cannot do that alone, regardless of what sword
he wields. A leader is nothing without followers and a strong leader
is nothing without strong leaders to follow him or her. Power
structures are hierarchical. The power you wield derives from the
people to whom you could signal; it can be measured by the level of
influence you can exert over 2&deg; and 3&deg; social neighborhoods,
although "influence" itself is a bit hard to quantify.


<a name="arthur-the-unlikely-but-certain-hero" />

### [Arthur, The Unlikely, But Certain Hero](#arthur-the-unlikely-but-certain-hero)

Who was the ideal king that Merlin wanted? Someone who was young and
innocent, but heroic and incredibly intelligent. Why young and
innocent? Because someone who was not burdened by the karmic weight of
information attributed to their actions was free to lead how they felt
best and wouldn't be burdened by the weight actions using others.
Since they were young and unknown, those mistakes could be expected to
be few and far between, as would be the informational reverberations
of those mistakes throughout society. There would simply be no
information about them that others could use to slowly assail the
leadership or abruptly tear them down. Why an intelligent hero? If the
were intelligent enough to solve the sword in the stone, they could be
best molded into the perfect leader for the early British Isles.

![The Sword in the Stone](/img/posts/2018-01-22-semioteleological-revolution/sword-in-the-stone.jpg)

<a name="the-karmic-consequences-of-power-a-sociophysical-paradox" />

### [The Karmic Consequences of Power: A Sociophysical Paradox](#the-karmic-consequences-of-power-a-sociophysical-paradox)

Sociophysical paradox of karma and power: once you have power, you use
it. Even if you use power justly, you will create enemies:

#### &#x2605; The power hungry who seek to leap frog you.

#### &#x2605; The self-indulged of higher disposition, who seek to use you as a benchmark for the demonstration of their own status.

#### &#x2605; The petty who seek to pull you down because they have no hope themselves.

#### &#x2605; Those you use unjustly may retaliate justly if you cannot justify yourself.

#### &#x2605; Those who see their service as not serving their own ends may lash out as well.

#### &#x2605; Those fickle-minded people who can be stirred up by wormtongues, lilliputians or demagoguery.

#### &#x2605; And finally, there are your true enemies, who stand firmly in the way of your objectives and always will.

There is a cost to every action you take. You have to step along the
right path, all along. The more publicly your actions are seen, the
greater the multiplicity of their consequences along the way.
Regardless of the truth of your actions, the tragedy is that it's the
appearance of your actions which defines how people will see you. Most
people simply don't have the time to reconsider what they already
know, so if a leader accumulates the karmic burden of mistakes along
the way or if a Rube Goldberg publicity machine multiplies the karmic
consequences of the few mistakes they make, there is nothing within
this physical universe that can undo that. This is what defamation and
poison pen do to someone: it's what happened to me.

<a name="poison-pen-the-methodological-defamation-machine" />

### [Poison Pen: The Methodological Defamation Machine](#poison-pen-the-methodological-defamation-machine)

> Guess who? *It's anonymous.* We never said anything. We never did
> anything. We'll NEVER apologize. Nope, no hallmark cards for
> you. You can never rebuild your life. You don't have mental illness,
> you have the sociological consequences of malicious lies: a
> self-perpetuating thetan virus that you can pay our henchmen to
> erase ... but here: take these pills and maybe you'll forget. It'd
> really solve our own social headache: YOU.

<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dFWHbRApS3c" frameborder="0"
allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

###

As for the tribal leaders Merlin managed to persuade, if any of them
understood specifically why Merlin's king's candidate was ideal, then
some of them capable of solving the sword in the stone may have
avoided claiming kingship. Others who understood the secrets may have
leapt right for it, but insomuch only clearly marked themselves as
lusting for power.

These is the key to why the Sword in the Stone was so genius: Britain
didn't need another king to rule by brute force, but instead needed
the ideal king. So, it encouraged people to search for the ideal king,
instead of fighting themselves to claim that right by brute force. In
this way, one preemptively quashes the systemic sociological carnage
associated with eternal conflict, where one brute topples another who
topples another, each of whom merely sow the seeds for the next
conflict. Instead, the ideal king is chosen behind whom all tribal
leaders can invest their best energies and posture themselves
outwards, not inwards.

<a name="how-do-you-pull-the-sword-from-the-stone" />

### [How Did Arthur Pull The Sword From The Stone?](#how-do-you-pull-the-sword-from-the-stone)

How do you solve the Sword in the Stone? It's a puzzle about
thermodynamics that involves the Roman secrets of concrete. To make
this sword, you must know the secrets of concrete. To solve the
puzzle, one must know that iron is far more thermally conductive than
concrete. Crtitically, one must know that the sword's volume deforms
as a result of heat and, that if heat and cold are repetively applied,
the structure of the surrounding concrete cannot tolerate this and
cracks, requiring no strength at all.  If Romans ever used rebar in
their concrete, this only strengthens my hypothesis that the game
involved knowledge of Roman concrete.

#### Yup, The Sword in the Stone is Essentially A [Metal Ring Puzzle](http://robspuzzlepage.com/tanglement.htm) About Thermodynamics

> ... I swear I saw a Mythbusters episode about this theory. Critical
> to this theory for freeing the sword are the thermoconductive
> properties of iron. If any such method is applied in the wrong way
> or too quickly, the iron may crack instead of cracking the
> surrounding stone/concrete. Regardless, once you pull the sword out,
> it's going to be shit. Hence, Arthur travels to Ye Olde Lady In The
> Lake, who delivers him the true sword: Excalibur.

If King Arthur ever existed, he likely spent his youth as a
blacksmith's apprentice. Knowledge of blacksmithing also translates
into knowledge of casting weaponry as well as the logistics and cost
structures therein. That knowledge is therefore critical for kings,
generals and ambitious knights through the Medieval era. You wouldn't
be familiar with the financial, labor, and materials costs to set a
firm defense nor could you be confident in your offense and military
logistics.


The ideal time to apply this process is well after everyone across the
land has given up on solving it, otherwise people will steal the idea
you are using to break the sword free, defeating the entire purpose of
the King's selection game. Moreoever, if it's not clear that thousands
of men have tested their mettle and failed, than none of them would
have acceped the one who did pull the sword. Therefore, if not enough
time has passed, then solving the King's selection game is
meaningless.

- (It would seem that all of the factors above imply the existence of)
  a real historical Merlin. This historical Merlin may have actually
  been a Shakespearean
  [Junto](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Junto_(club)) of highly
  intelligent people, probably mixing druidic ideas with those left
  over from the Roman occupation of Caesar's geopolitical crowning
  jewel: Britain. Why were the Britain isles so important? Like Japan
  in the East, there was no way to conquer them without maritime
  invasion.



<a name="social-physics-its-the-secret-sauce-of-legends" />

# [Social Physics: It's the Secret Sauce of Legends](#social-physics-its-the-secret-sauce-of-legends)

What else is incredibly similar to thermodynamics? Social physics.
People behave as particles, heat can be channeled and entropy
matters. This is much easier to observe in the macroscopic behavior of
people than it is in the phenomena of matter. If you believe, as I do,
that people who intuitively understand some phenomena must have
neurological circuits which correspond to analytic approximations of
those phenomenon, then the person who understands intuitively
understands thermodynamics can develop a powerful understanding of
social physics.

<a name="the-teleological-inculcation-of-sociophysical-intuition" />

### [The Teleological Inculcation of Sociophysical Intuition](#the-teleological-inculcation-of-sociophysical-intuition)

Further, if also you believe as I do, that people intuitively
understood many of the secrets of math behind science far earlier than
relevated by the prophets of rationalism, then men may have
intuitively understood statistical mechanics, entropy, thermodynamics,
quantum field theory before they had any reason to smash atoms
together. (That is, at least those concepts apply to social physics at
the 10,000ft level.)

#### [Quantum Field Theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4u3f7_p1i8c) and [the Upanishads](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Brv2FaOluU)

<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mELi3YP5qII" frameborder="0"
allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

There is far too much baseless conjecture in the explanations above
for any of it to be taken as fact. Still, if you avoid thinking about
any of this on the basis that it's not factual, you're missing the
point. It's the journey, not the destination. However, the critical
point is that mathematic models behind social
physics[^pos-sensitive-propagation] are all algorithms based on
generalized methods for quantum physics.[^rational-choice-framework]
Ancient people could not run these algorithms, but neither could
people throughout history most effectively lead people without
understanding components of the mathematic basis underlying these
algorithms. Instead, they could only develop an intuition for the same
methods without understanding the underlying math, *per
se*. Furthermore, this knowledge was always esoteric and as prized as
the story behind the mythical [Egyptian Emerald
Tablets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emerald_Tablet) implies.

#### The Emerald Tablets, Rumored not Authored in this Plane

![Egyptian Emerald Tablets](/img/posts/2018-01-22-semioteleological-revolution/emerald-tablets.jpg)

<a name="social-physics-event-driven-programming" />

### [Social Physics: Event-Driven Programming](#social-physics-event-driven-programming)

Without being able to quantify any data, it seems that men were better
at constructing event-driven sociophysical handlers, not unlike the
user-interface handlers `onClick()` and `onDocumentReady()` in
javascript. Particularly, this ability to imagine and design
pseudo-quantifiable sociophysical protocols seems to be the skill that
distinguished the transgenerational leaders of empires from the
leaders of minor powers quickly subdued by their neighbors. You *can*
quantify the number of types of extremely rare events that occur,
though in the extreme, this resembles soothsaying and quickly becomes
meaningless. Being capable of measuring anything like this requires
particularly stable myth as well as extensive, dependable
communication networks, who are able to process this data and relay
important events, without necessarily knowing why.

- disrupting these decision-making capability of these power
  structures by disrupting their communication networks and
  introducing novel information and cultural
  practices. (i.e. Christianity to paganism)
  - this is not an endorsement of this tactic.
