


iPhone Notes
------------





FB Posts
--------------

#### A response to the assertion that people cannot/shouldn't be commoditized

##### (segued to) On The Ontological Delineation of Governance Type

unfortunately, that is not true: we are commodities, though one should
hope we are never financial commodities and only social
commodities... there are three arch-metatypes of resources in society:
financial, social and informational. all resource-types are
fundamentally informational. financial resources can be transduced
into social resources and vice versa for each resource type. if you're
good at networking, you're good at connecting yourself, conveying your
needs/desires (as well as those of others), and projecting your
interests through the social network.

ideas that one can construct from this set of abstractions might
resemble the ideas of #CounterEconomics and #Agorism. i hope to write
a book about this stuff so it can teach #ThePeople how to most
effectively use the resources available to them, so that
value/opportunity/information is widely available and so that it is
not possible to constrain/dominate people by need & fear.

this pattern and the abstractions it generates are incredibly useful
for modeling psychosocial dynamics with social physics. it even
extends to a generalization for governance-types (democracy,
oligarchy, socialism, communism, kleptocracy, etc) that covers all
systems of governance by describing which resource-types the system
leverages and how the channels for resource-exchange are structured
(between the system and individuals inside/outside of of it)



#### On the Analysis of Shamanism in comparison to Divination

- (Response to this article on
  [Shamanism](https://aeon.co/essays/why-did-shamanism-evolve-in-societies-all-around-the-globe))

- (more content)

- it's like shamans stumbled into using the mind's learning alg's and
  computational abilities purely by accident, but manage to extract an
  immense amount of utility by leveraging this skill/intuition of the
  mind in tandem with exploratory divination.

- how can you use a reductionistic approach to seek something which
  isn't yet there and is unknown while you search for it? but more
  importantly, why should shamanism and, more generally, the
  spiritual, sacrifice their sacred nature if they are to be composed
  of experiences fully within the mind?
  - i see the experience of the spiritual as the apprehension of the
    eternal, unchanging metaphysical forms as they manifest themselves
    in the material plane. to me, these are like Kant's noumena that
    can't be known to exist nor to not exist. they emanate into the
    material world and are the underlying monadic patterns which frame
    dynamics of informational phenomena. to apprehend the true nature
    of these metaphysical forms as they appear to influence causal
    flow of events is to be in tune with the spiritual.
  - so, if various methods of shamanism can repeatedly evoke visceral
    experiences to bring you closer to understanding of these forms as
    they influence the the world around you, then there is no need for
    a supernatural connection. instead, the spiritual experience can
    be explained as purely the mind's experience of purely
    informational mechanics within itself -- which can include the
    experience of information that, while the mind's analytic systems
    are never capable of fully ingesting, still result in
    transformative structural changes to the psyche. these purely
    informational mechanics are mapped to the aforementioned
    noumena-like forms, which are not only eternally unchanging, but
    universal throughout space and time. while they are composed of
    ineffable "monadic substances", the same eternal forms can be
    tapped into by *any consciousness* and *any information-processing
    entity*, without any need for supernatural mechanics (whether or
    not those exist is perhaps another question)
  - this is essentially no different than the the Tao or Leibniz's
    Monad. to me, the shaman's trance and spiritual experiences are
    visceral experiences in the minds of those who are intimately in
    tune with the nature of the eternal. it is projected to the mind
    as a visceral experience where archetypes of the eternal are
    witnessed by the shaman, who must then make sense of what was
    seen.





#### On the Disillusionment of the Rising in the Academic World

- i get the impression that the academic world, at a relatively early
  stage of its young students’ development, unintentionally dissuades
  the majority of its scholarly initiates from accurately apprehending
  their intellectual potential.  this occurs as a result of inundating
  them with centuries worth of distilled progress while the senior
  colleagues who raise them up inadvertently desiccate their more
  junior students’ drive for greatness. Thereby, this next wave of
  normies ponders the sobering reality of such challenges of the
  pursuit of intellectual distinction: how do they protect their
  progeny, whether their children or their protege, from the same
  disorientation suffered by the claustrophobic constraints of a
  realistic perspective? Before we knew any better, we all strove for
  higher aims, but those of us without thick skin and stubborn hearts
  we were beat down by reality: by developing the cognitive capacity
  to acknowledge the limits of our ingenious minds; by the
  extrinsically imposed seeds of the financial externalities that
  determine our freedom to pursue such higher aims, typically moreso
  the faults of our birth than our intellectual vigor or lust for
  life; by the economic incentives of those to whom our crashing down
  to reality might represent an expedient means to a complacent
  workforce whose servile nature is self-reinforcing and grateful.


#### On Facebook Enforcing a Randomization of Top/Chronological Newsfeed

- {I now feel that the best way to do this would be to force
  randomization of chronological segments into the newsfeed -- or at
  least experiment with that}
  - so for people with Top set as default, they would still load some
    newsfeed segments that were Chronological. experiment with the
    ratio of top/chronological

- creative UI / UX ideas to achieve the equivalent of what’s below (like combined feed for chronological & “top stories”)

- It might result in slightly less revenue for FB, but it might hit
  some of their platform partners a bit hard -- SEO & Social Media
  Optimization ... if facebook offered the option to set your default
  newsfeed to chronological, then enough people would be willing to
  switch that it would balance out the content amplification problem
  caused by feedback loops. most content doesn't make it into the
  newsfeed for anyone because whatever people begin interacting with
  gains momentum so quickly that it begins trending in Newsfeed and
  suddenly that's all that anyone is seeing -- and thus, it's what
  most users are interacting with, causing its newsfeed rank to
  skyrocket. but if 10% of users had chronological newsfeed, these
  feedback effects would be significantly dampened. why? because for
  content ranking, there is a huge difference b/w zero interactions
  and just one interaction but too much content disappears too quickly
- and, on second thought, it might not be so bad for Facebook's
  platform partners, since it levels the playing field a bit, but
  enough people would need to be led to switch to chronological feeds,
  which would require a lot of marketing/engagement if it wasn't a
  policy decision from Facebook. still, the chronological feed as-is
  kinda sucks if you're subscribed to a lot of groups (i've tried it,
  groups/pages are all i see)
- depending on how effective users w/ chronological feeds are in
  renormalizing the newsfeed, it could be pitched as a way to push
  back against election meddling (since it's easier for well-funded
  state/corporate actors to get content to trend with these
  amplification effects)


#### A response to an Anti-Trump person who believes Trump is Racist

- {in the context of a post about the Squirrel-Hill shooting}

- what is worse, shockingly violent events with mass casualties or
  sadly common casualties of violence accepted as normal in poverty?
  the latter (driven by social responses to poverty) is far more
  common and results in thousands as many deaths.

- obviously, when there is either no apparent cause for mass-violence
  or when the cause is racism and hatred, this is terrifying: the
  former could happen to any of us; when society experiences the
  latter, it implies there are other racist/extremist sympathizers
  lurking beneath the surface of society who, while they may lack
  violent tendencies, cannot be tolerated.

- and that is one appealing objective of extremist tactics of mass
  violence: these extremists want to stoke fears that some ideology or
  movement is more prevelant than it appears; that even if the
  mainstream has silenced the movement of the extremist, by acting to
  cause such horrific events, they trigger a social response that
  causes fear and uncertainty to ripple through society, along with
  whatever second-order objectives the extremist may want to
  realize. or, they may be completely insane and have no objectives,
  but the effects on society are much the same, regardless of the
  intentions of mass-violence. but in this case, one effect is clear,
  people are terrified that these actions are representative of racism
  lurking beneath the surface.

##### “Trump is accused of being racist against muslims”:

- This is #Conflation: islamic extremists are a threat, but
  acknowledging the threat of islamic extremists and implementing more
  strict measures for screening refugee applications (which
  international refugee law indicates we are not obligated to accept)
  is **not** racist or discriminatory. It's security. talk to someone
  who served in the WW2 Pacific Theatre or the Korean War or the
  Vietnam War. You'll find that they needed to deal with foreign
  persons of mostly singular ethnic background on the basis of
  #Nationality (or opposition membership) AND NOT ETHNICITY. That's
  how wars are fought. Liberals are conflating #Racism with
  #ThingsThatAreNotRacism so they can get votes and win elections
  because it's an effective scare tactic that motivates the base (and
  allows the radical left to destabalize America by provoking
  artificial racial tensions)

##### “Trump is accused of being racist against Mexicans”

- (particularly quoting him on “rapists, criminals, drug delaers,
  etc”: AGAIN, it is faulty logic using #Conflation that induces a
  fearful response in moderates by causing them to believe that racism
  is lurking beneath the surface (which is the same objective that
  some extremists are trying to achieve, by the way -- way to go
  liberals) I'm sorry, but when people come in through the southern
  border and we don't know who they are, that's a national security
  problem.  also, liberals simply want to poopoo whatever the
  republicans are doing, so it's no surprise that not even
  #SanFrancisco, the tech capital of the world, can manage to come up
  with a single useful suggestion for making Trump's Wall work. Do
  they suggest LIDAR to control/detect tunnels?  NO! Yes, the left's
  engagement with technology and social media won them eight years of
  Obama, but do they project realistic criticism to policy? Or do they
  allow partisanship to dictate how they market policy assessments to
  the Democratic base -- the poor and overworked? Exactly, the
  democratic leadership knows that its base either isn't going to know
  the difference (sadly) or will be too partisan to care about
  reality, so it doesn't matter what they say as long as it sounds
  good enough to get the votes.

##### who is building the tunnels on the southern border?

- You cannot answer that question without contradicting yourself: who
  has the financial and labor resources to finance building tunnels on
  the border? Is it cheap to do that? NO. How many dozens of people
  does it take to build a tunnel across the border? To prevent
  information about the tunnel from being disclosed by people who have
  crossed the border, how does a network of people secure that border
  tunnel? Who has the incentives -- financial or otherwise -- to build
  tunnels across the border? Individuals and families seeking less
  than minimum wage in the United States as illegal immigrants?
  NOPE. Answer that question without contradicting yourself. I wish
  the #TalkingHeads had to account for #PolicyBasics, but they just
  have to talk and make it sound good. Their producer and network will
  mostly provide them with their content anyways: they're skilled
  #Mouthpiece's and not much more than that.
