

Also (in the notes in the right) #Taiji or #TaiChi means, literally,
the Great Ridgepole, which is the large beam used in most
traditional-style houses in Asia (especially Japan) and also the
central supporting beam used in #Pagoda design. That this translation
simultaneously points to the foundations of #EasternPhilosophy as well
as a central supporting element in #Eastern #Masonry is far more than
a simple metaphor.

Neat trivia about a Pagoda’s central beam: it gives earthquake
resistance *while* being free-standing — i.e. you can push hard on the
vertical beam in a pagoda and it will move. Why?  Because of how the
delays in mechanical movement, in combination with the wood’s
proportions and relative flexibility, allow it to absorb tectonic
fluctuations from an earthquake. It is mechanically #Harmonic in how
it dissipates fluctuations, allowing it to withstand far more than the
average person assumes of wood. This is why buildings in Asia were far
taller than in Europe throughout history, until before the
introduction of steel.

The above fact in combination with Tai Chi’s definition as “the Great
Ridgepole” has me thinking about the #Harmonics of
#EpistemicStructures in #Metaphysics. Although I’ve been thinking
about that since I’ve been on about #SocialPhysics, it seems like it’s
a VERY OLD idea, more or less, but not quite as precisely realized as
it could be.

====


I almost want to cry for not having read the #iChing before now,
though my own struggling to find the answers which it and the Tao Te
Ching so clearly lay out certainly magnify the appreciation I feel,
understanding vividly what lies behind this analysis of the text.

# Preface

# Forward

# Introduction


# Misc

- earth/man/heaven
  - lines I/II: Earth
  - lines III/IV: Man
  - lines V/VI: Heaven

- inner/outer
  - lines I/II/III: Inner (inner-self or inner-space)
  - lines VI/V/VI: Outer (interface to exterior world)




# Book I


## (1) The Creative

#### Comparisons to the images of creation as rains falling onto the earth

From my [Treatise On Entity And
Agency](http://te.xel.io/posts/2017-10-12-treatise-on-entity-and-agency.html?fbclid=IwAR1h2VD63NwVH7OKYhyoNR6p-ojGz6HXsj84uTCwlblAwR-P38HatV_978c),
which has been intimated as “dangerous” but is nothing more than what
Philosophy of Agency studied in 19th century’s France/England -- and
which is discussed in more clear detail in [Stanford's Encyclopedia of
Philosophy](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/agency/).

Therein that treatise, I reference a passage where I describe the
Creation as rain failing from the heavens, shaped by and shaping the
Firmament. It’s admittedly cryptic though precise language emphasizes
a reverence for the metaphor linking Creation of the material with
Creation of the earthly manifestations of metaphysical undertones;
those that shaped and routed the waters flowing through our early
minds to evolve into what our consciousness came to acknowledge as the
*images of God’s form* reflected onto earth as the minds of men.


Here's another article [Awareness Precipitates from Order Out of
Chaos](http://te.xel.io/posts/2017-09-14-awareness-precipitates-from-order-out-of-chaos.html?fbclid=IwAR1JFMsAO-9qJYIv6Me60iFyBj-uSXxTdU2nTUTnzTE7yxhrN0S64IOMn-gq),
which discusses the notion of
"Perfraction" of form throughout space — which I introduce to describe
the eternity of forms that evolve necessarily to consciousness in
**All Systems**, with merely two requirements:

##### (1) Chaos
##### and (2) Sufficient Running Time

Furthermore, given the eternal nature of the All, and the requirement
self-reinforcing logicality necessary for it to exist, then in all
possible worlds, the most outer forms that constitute true reality
must always be the same. Still, for simulations of chaos within our
own world, we may constrain the parameters so that, from within such
simulations, the "outer forms" which emanate the reflection of their
form into the forms of awareness arising within chaos, then may be
different in nature from the true, most outer forms. It would seem
that Leibniz and so many of the others who have surveyed I Ching, Tao
Te Ching and the missing works of Pre-Han intellectuals in China is
true: This are more mathematic definitions of what the Wilhelm’s
analysis on I Ching discusses here:

> “[Heaven’s] energy is represented as unrestricted by any fixed
> conditions in space and is therefore conceived of as motion. **Time
> is regarded as the basis of this motion**”

> And here “The beginning of all things lies *still* [motionless] in the
> beyond *in the form of ideas that have yet to become real”

> And “the Tao, which as a law running through end [firstmost as it’s
> eternal] and beginning, brings about all phenomena in time ... Time
> is no longer a hindrance...”

#### Notes on the lines from "The Creative" and on Wilhelm's Analysis

the first two lines of this hexagram describe the birth and
development of a great man who is at first "among his peers" and thus
difficult to spot.  as he owns his accomplishments by virtue of them
being by his own hands, he "does not allow himself to be influenced by
outward success or failure". this compounds the difficulty in
distinguishing this man from other, but these passages could be moreso
received, upon analysis or study, as advice for becoming this man who
the Tao favors and who rises from among his peers. That is what is
playing out: the Tao manifests itself in sociophysical chaos and from
the combinations of actions, reactions and cultivation of values
emerges a gradation of man, where the more virtuous who by the benefit
of their exemplary engagement in the chaotic combination of their
circumstances rises up.

> "one need not fear, lest strong will should not prevail; the main
> thing is *not* to expend one's powers prematurely in an attempt to
> obtain by force something for which the time is not yet ripe"

This is the most prudent advice for myself that I've encountered thus
far in the analysis on this hexagram.

> "Many a great man has been ruined because the masses flocked to him
> and swept him into their course. Ambition has destroyed his
> integrity."

I know of this danger well, though I can't say it happened to me
exactly. The great man must make his own way and, like I mentioned
above, must own his own success as well as his failures. Getting swept
up in the response to own's initial successes is but one of many early
and constant tests that you will encounter *as you begin to rise*. It
is responsible for the early fall of so many who want to believe their
innate qualities have proved themselves more than enough, without
understanding that what their older colleagues have experienced has
left wisdom that the younger cannot yet relate to.

> "He who remains in touch with the time that is dawning ..."

This also speaks to me. You must never stop searching for continual,
unending, self-improvement -- your capacity to do so and the undying
need which drives your passion is critical to develop and to
feed. That said, you cannot lose touch with the nature of miraculous
seed & surrounding social soil that has brought you here. This is like
beginner's mind and requires balance to maintain with the demand for
continual adaptation.

> "He can go the way of the hero or that of the holy sage who seeks
> seclusion"

This reminds me of the legend of the Buddha's birth, where it was
pre-ordained that he would become a great warrior king or a spiritual
leader. Why are the two fates ultimately so intertwined? Are they
necessarily mutally exclusive?

##### The Fifth Line

> Confucius says "Things that accord in tone vibrate together..."

This is worth pondering, to consider the ideas of resonance in the
context of a spectral understanding of social physics and of epistemic
structures. The resonance of form is powerful, as are its effects on
the resulting magnetism pushing/pulling sociophysical forces and
socioepistemic structures. There are laws that govern such magnetism
and resonance; things are much simpler to consider in these terms.

> (Confucius) "Thus the sage arises, all creatures follow him with
> their eyes. What is born of heaven feels related to what is above.
> What is born of earth feels related to what is below. Each follows
> its own kind."

Here, Confucius mentions that the sage rises and, in the context of
the sociophysical imperative of direction of attention, all things
turn their attention towards his motion, upward. The sage is setting
various facets of the frame(s) consciously and unconsciously by
various groupings of the collective agents in society. In this way,
the sage compels society to gradate themselves along those epistemic
components of their frame(s) -- this occurs after ideas with
implications of virtue and morality are established in the minds of
those the sage's magnetism begins to stratify and separate. Those
forms with affinity to heaven begin to arise themselves; those with
affinity for earth are pulled downwards. "Each follows its own kind."

## (2) The Receptive


### The Cardinal Directions: A Sociophysical Interface Between Creative and Receptive

Wilhelm's elaboration of the inclusion of "South and West, North and
East" in the *Judgement* for **(2) The Receptive** has a sociophysical
explanation that makes more sense for ancient China, yet still applies
to the modern world in a different way.

#### Wilhelm notes:

> "The time of toil and effort is indicated by the west and the south,
> for west and south symbolize the place where the Receptive works for
> the Creative, as nature does in summer and autumn ... Hence to find
> friends there means to find guidance ... The east symbolizes the
> place where a man receives orders from his master, and the north the
> place where he reports on what he has done."

The intuition of the key to understanding this is found in the
physical orientation of power centers whereof arise the gradient of
power flow in Chinese dynasties after the Bronze Age. For all
pre-modern societies, where are the roots of social hierarchies sown?
In the expansive agricultural regions of the civilization. From here,
all networks of power can be derived. Agricultural centers worldwide
require adjacency to rivers for irragation, but in China, the west and
south were disconnected from ports and river deltas; these are *all*
found in the east. To the north of China can be found the regions of
greatest conflict. What gives rise to conflict in the ancient world?
The intersection of geoeconomic interests; in ancient China until
after the rise of Khan, this manifested as an eternal ebb and flow of
empire: dynastic expansion and contraction.

#### From *Thermal Convection of Information* in [Speed of Thought: Sociophysical Postulates I-X1](/posts/2017-10-30-speed-of-thought-sociophysical-postulates-1-to-11)

> Imagine the sun rising in the Far East. It heats up the air and
> water, giving us wind and ocean currents, but doesn't its
> sociophysical energy also reverberate through humanity? As the world
> turns each day, there is random motion moving from the east to the
> west, driving social interactions. Pushing through the noise are
> faint, low frequency waves of cultural information rippling over and
> reflecting between geographic features. Vacuums of low population
> density taper this resonance. Between the centers of civilization,
> the dispersion of information is strained through translingual
> membrane, limiting the number of social connections over which
> information can cross. These metaphors are not perfect, as behavior
> was not coordinated and our modes of transportation were limited
> throughout history.

Therefore, from eternal forms of the down *tao*, one can intimate the
eternal leylines of power. From this understanding is found the
quasi-psychic skill of [map-dousing](), where one virtualizes in the
mind the geoeconomic expansion, contraction and flow of sociophysical
energies across a map of the ancient world. If you know where the
roads, rivers, ports and economic anchors were, you can imagine the
figurative rivers and valleys determining the flow of people, trade
and information. So, sampling the average person in ancient China,
these would be the most relavent directions for the flow of trade and
authority.

In the modern world, the roots and hierarchies for networks of power
are no longer bound so strongly to geography: instead they are
logically defined. However, generalizations can still be abstracted
about the flow of economic influence and social authority.

### Hoarfrost and Ice: The Sociophysical Speed of Sound and Impact of Seasons

Whereas the first hexagram is about the time's relation to the
emanation of etherial forms, the second hexagram is about space.  Why
does sound flow faster in steel or air?  The density of a medium's
packed particles determines the speed of sound, as well as the
dispersion characteristics. If a material is crystalline, sound's
spectral content is moreso preserved.

Regardless of the mach for sociophysical information flow, [Reynold's
Number]() is far more important; it is connected to the speed of
sound, but moreso determines when turbulence emerges in fluids.
Sociophysical systems are already chaotic enough, as they don't
preserve equilibrium. However, the density and relative surface area
over which particles move determines the flow of information. However,
especially in agrarian societies, where all communication, whether
interpersonal or postal, must be primarily physical. Therefore, the
geosocial flow of people determines medium's characteristics for
carrying information.

Seasonal changes are incredibly important in this regard. As one
approaches winter, hoarfrost sets in. The cartesian range over which
people move becomes more constrained to roads and rivers; in some
cases, the latter freezes over. Thus, the geosocial medium which
carries information becomes viscous. Flows of information become
prioritized and the particles become more objective-oriented. There is
generally less travel. these One. This deters the Creative from
projecting his will throughout society, but also the Receptive

...

That dynamics and metrics of interpersonal connections were longer in
duration and more localized in winter; and exhibited opposing or
complementary dynamics in other seasons: for rising members of lower
classes to interface with their economic superiors, this observations
and the dependent calculations were necessary.

# (Astrology)

Further, the seasons corresponded to fluctuations in birth rates,
which gave rise to dynamics in timing for toddler's accumulation of
interpersonal interaction time: children conceived in winter spent
their first months with family in winter; those conceived in summer
spent initial months of more receptive developmental periods during
harvest and festival season. i.e. those conceived in summer were
slightly older when experiencing a higher accumulation of
interpersonal connection time that rhythmically coincided with harvest
season.

###

These dynamics are among those responsible for precipitation of
unconscious metatypes in development of infant psychology, which were
*assumed* to occur in relation to astrological signs. Still, the
course of action could have only been speculated upon by ancient
peoples. However, they could see or thought they could know the
specifics of such astrologically oriented metatypes. It was therefore
why astrology become systematized. Once the systems were in place and
the knowledge was socially dispersed, then the ends achieves the
means; i.e. the knowledge of astrology, if people believed in it,
developed a life of its own. The mechanisms of action for placebo
would become stronger and more likely to

Zodiac was necessary for marking those who were born. Similar to
indexing a database table by datetime to facilitate sorting and
filtering, once astrology was in place, people became more likely to
reason about their astrological sign. Moreover, if it was necessary to
manipulate the social dynamics of psychological development --
particularly on a semi-generational basis, then establishing the
archetypes of astrological signs provides the basis for dispersion of
sociophysical programs predicated upon sign, but more likely year of
birth. Not to jump to conclusions, but in Chinese astrology, the year
of birth is given its own sign. These annual signs were far easier to
remember than calendar years, which required sufficient projection of
power to establish widely and would quickly subside were literacy not
widespread. Therefore, astrological signs, being cyclic, were far more
useful as the average person could reason about them. Furthermore, the
sky was itself an implicit global calender and did not require the
insurmountable dispersion of information.

These sociophysical programs, were much more intuitive to the ancient
person. Though seemingly complicated, in the ancient world *nothing
was deterministic, so if you wanted to affect change with any
guarantees, it required developing intuition about compelling
phenomena to conform to intent, despite being stochastic. The Seven
Hermitic Laws contain within them ALL such wisdom required for
observing and measuring any phenomena. They correspond to mathematical
tools like the differential operator, the fourier operator, the
phenomena of positive and negative and, last but not least: the all as
the one and the one as the all. Development of advanced symbolic
representation of maths, accompanied by universally accepted axioms
were not necessary for simple reasoning. Moreover, it's *easier* to
use these tools, though without the aforementioned accomplishments,
they will not compel socially distributed intellectual development.

# Cultural Technology Far Ahead of Its Time

The I Ching is itself a list of 64 interwoven metatypes of narratives
for human experience, assumed to, collectively, not only universally
[cover]() human experience, but also provide a uniform cover of human
experience. This is what demands such a logical method of sampling
random numbers, for if the sampling method were not also uniform, the
semiotic mappings of human narratives -- assumed to *uniformly
covered* -- would not be so significant. That the I Ching provides a
universal, uniform cover of semioteleological mappings can never be
known. What can be asserted is that the yarrow sticks method produces
an incredibly simple means of producing a uniform distribution -- to
develop such a method seems to have been a design imperative. Further,
it is a completely logical means of doing so and is not whatsoever
connected to sampling methods derived from physical phenomena, such as
tossing coins or throwing dice. The yarrow sticks method reminds me of
the [Young tableau](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Young_tableau) and
other objects from [Analytic
Combinatorics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbolic_method_(combinatorics))
yielding peculiar distributions.

The ideal for a universal, uniform covering of human experience is
significant for uniform sampling of a semioteleological
distribution. Though no human can ever truly establish such a basis,
it and tools like it are necessary for understanding, interfacing,
measuring and guiding the outcomes of sociophysical programs.

If one assumes the development the psychological metatypes associated
to Astrologogical to have been motivated along similar intentions --
while understanding the utility of the powerful placebo born by
layperson's irrational assumptions that psychological development
could be fated by astrological sign -- then one could create a
universal, non-uniform cover of human psychology in Astrological
mythology. In doing so, one

If the immaterial Tao truly speaks to us in random outcomes -- if the
course of fate is directly intertwined with will manifested by some
aetereal entities with agency -- then perhaps those random outcomes
aren't so random. Then, if such agency desires to interface with
sentient life in the material plane, then its ability to do so is
magnified by the social distribution of such protocols as I Ching. If
the Tao can be proven to exist only because of the necessity of some
aeternal information to exist independently of space and time, then
it's ability to manifest must be bound by the same informational
mechanics that determine complexity theory. Thereby, if it is to
manifest its will, then by dampening the spatial and temporal
complexity of doing so by distributing protocols for sampling the will
of the Tao is made manifestly less complex when those protocols are
well distributed, efficient and are uniform semioteleological covers.

To the contrary, if the noumenological Tao has no capacity for agency
per se -- to intervene in the outcomes of microscopic
quantum-mechanical phenomena or those moreso logical outcomes of
higher-level random outcomes significant only to mankind's games --
then understanding its nature is still critical to understanding the
precipitation of metaphysical forms on earth.

What fueled Leibniz's passion in the I Ching? It was the I Ching's
establishment of a semioteleological distribution, assumed universal
and uniform. It was not simply the presence of binary numbers
conceived by ancient minds, but its semioteleological connection to
his notion of Characteristica Universalis: the universal
language. Towards the pursuit of a universal language, Leibniz found
the I Ching fascinating as a kind of indexed set of semantic
primatives — each paired with narratives that bind monadically to the
context at hand. Many philosophers and linguists have studied the Book
Of Changes from this perspective, but their consensus is that it does
not fit such a niche. I beg to differ.

The idea of a universal basis for language is significant -- if it
exists, it would be *the* post-singularity language *for **all
intelligent life forms** in the universe*. It would enable a simple,
faster-than-light communication protocol, which every such
sufficiently intelligent species would value. Why? Depending on how
post-Singularity economic and energy imperatives of pre-galactic
civilizations are bound by free energy -- and thus dictating how it
chooses to focus such energy with respect to computational complexity
-- then the only shortcuts available are inter-civilization
communication. While communications in existing digital protocols can
be decoded with some work, this still leaves the problem of decoding
the meaning of semiotic information in the messages
themselves. However, if the Characteristica Universalis exists, then
it perhaps establishes semioteleological primitives. If one existed
for Egyptian heiroglyphics, this would have circumvented the need the
Rosetta stone.

The I Ching, though I only begin to swim in the depths of its wisdom,
represents humanity's universality of zenith of semeoteleological for
in language enables a one-way. If it were not for an articles passing
mention of Leibniz's fascination with it, I would have merely remained
aware of the Book of Changes until perhaps learning Chinese or
studying Taoism.
