---
title: ""
---

# Why Is America's Republic Faltering?

Often when considering liberty and independence, the notion arises
that, along with the freedom to choose comes ownership over
consequences of your financial or social actions. herein, if
consequences of individual action are the microcosm, then consider the
macrocosm as a parallel notion, where it is America’s collective
responsibility to be informed citizens, who though acting freely, must
endure the consequences of their actions.

### Is it Constitutional, Institutional, or Just The Russians?

We're a democracy, so the people can vote for whatever leaders they
want, who will give them whatever government-funded programs they
want. it's America, so the people decide what they want the government
to do, but that doesn't mean the people will be spared the economic
consequences of their votes. in a republic, the people’s leaders
decide the course of policy, though according to public opinion, the
US Government seems to dissatisfy the people in most measures …
perhaps its a tough crowd. what would change people’s minds, with
regard to Congress, the Executive Branch, and the institutions enacted
under the authority of both?

### What Else Hasn't Been Said About Locke?

does our republic work, today? no. if the federal government can’t
follow its own laws, procedures and constitutional obligations, how
can we expect it to work? our government was designed to be resilient
to subversion and corrosion. the founders were well aware of Greek and
Roman success and failures with democracy and all to familiar with the
failure of a government thousands of miles away who couldn’t be
bothered to listen to the people. it used the people and the 18th
century English government, fallible like every other manmade
institution, was subverted & debased to be used itself. falling into
the traps of every empire, the British Government furthered the ends
of few and took from many.

### Does our republic work, today? no.


why is our republic failing today? why isn’t the constitution as
resilient against tyranny and our government unchanged by finance? it
is for the same reason that the tactics of Ghandi and Martin Luther
King Jr would fail in the 21st century: as the tactics of Civil
Disobedience *do not function* if your sacrifices are muted before
they are felt by others who magnify the capacity of those sacrifices
to transform social attitudes — neither do the functions of a republic
align to the will of the people when the nature of social interaction,
communication and awareness begins to distorted as severely as it is
today.

### And Whose Leviathan Do I See In The Window?


What do the people want? they want what they hear from mass
communication, more or less, directly or one step removed. it is too
easy for those with social/financial influence to control mass media
and distort social media to engineer discourse and subvert even the
most well-intentioned politicians. these would-be tyrants aren’t
Kings, Roman demagogues or thirty conquering Spartans ...

### These Tyrants Are Closer Than You Think....


While most politically engaged people would be quick to name their
imagined usurpers, most of us have idea who these “tyrants” are, but
the answer is closer than you think. Whether external or domestic, the
forces subverting our system may only be lucky to do so intentionally.
Instead these are shadows of ourselves, aspects of the collective
unconsciousnesses of groups, whose communication once voiced, feeds
back into itself, driving feedback loops: some are purely
anthropogenic, feeding off ourselves; others are driven by artificial
intelligence and social media’s vulnerabilities to feedback
loops. Other aspects that unconsciously compel group behaviors, then
act on smaller, more powerful groups to exacerbate the effects of
“lower-level” feedback loops. politician’s have incentives to
capitalize on the momentum of novel issues, to facilitate digital
engagement to build support, to identify issues whose winds are
changing. corporations have similar interests and similar signals to
act on.

### Socioinformational Whipsaws


when these signals arrive almost as quickly as their portended trends
change, circumstances emerge which are similar to the a financial
“whipsaw” named because of unprecedented reversals in dynamics of
price/etc. When this happens in sociophysical systems, especially
those which are strongly determined by socioinformational dynamics,
they’re even more perplexing than their financial counterpart. even if
we have the data and tools to analyze such
[“whipsaw”](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/w/whipsaw.asp) events
in social systems, then we can only attempt to do so in retrospect.

### How 'Bout That AI?


in our newly hyperconnected society, if a republic can't function in
the midst of crescendoing dysregulation of societies normative
mechanics -- the mechanics of social interactions (IRL/digital/etc)
that compel norms to be questioned, to strengthen, to congeal, to be
acknowledged, or to emerge as conceptualized social magnets of
normifying behavior -- then how does society even discuss these
problems with our government? we can't conduct discourse from within
convoluted filter-bubbles driven by AI operating enigmatically as
black box to determine who sees who, who saw what, and how trends to
proactively drive each of the former will play out: these AI's directs
the attention of millions of falling pupils and flicking thumbs. AI
decides who gets a social media soapbox, who is nearly muted and whose
posts are ironically moot, with nearly no views at all. We indexed
databases and even the internet, and while our inability to
efficiently index AI entities is critical to understanding the
complexity of causality in the digital age, we still fall short of
understanding the structure of interactions between such entities,
which is far more complex.

<!--
Trying to dilineate the most fundamental entity types and their
characteristics would require writing a [Treatise on Entity and
Agency](http://te.xel.io/posts/2017-10-12-treatise-on-entity-and-agency.html#dilineating-traits-of-entities-with-agency),
though some might call it a [Chinese
Room](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_room). That's fair: it
reads like its only been trained on Aristotle.
-->

### How 'Bout a Tall, Warm Glass Of Nihilism?

This all adds further layers of complexity: if humanity is encumbered
by accelerating ablation of our perception of causality, then how are
we supposed to address how existing forms of governance fail to serve
society when the human process of reasoning about causality itself has
expanded intractibly. whether the means of action are digital or
anthropogenic, our ability to leverage abductive or inductive
reasoning to probe social circumstances or socially distributed
beliefs because similarly confounded. unless people adopt or
rediscover normative mechanics, then people become unable to reason
about life, society and interactions. if causality can't be reasoned
with, the benefits of virtues and of the social institutions which
encourage virtuous behavior to be normative, in several senses, are
moot because people can't connect the dots between their actions their
values compel them to take and the consequences which compel the
*backpropagation* of values that encourages personal development of
the individual's values systems in the direction that person believes
will cause their values to be rewarded further. Instead, the
individual is unable to isolate the latent variables of social action
as they relate to perceived social consequence, so any positive or
negative reinforcement of values are baseless and disproportionate at
best.

### Locke On Causality

Circling back to the notions of liberty and independence, as they
relate to the individual and to society collectively: if an individual
cannot understand the causal course of action leading them to take
responsibility for their freely chosen actions, then how can the
social aggregate similarly understand how its individuals collective
actions led to trends and outcomes? If individuals' systems of values
become increasingly disconnected to casual processes in
society. Individuals are instinctively compelled to seek affirmation
of how their values connect behavior-types, perception of social
motivations and observation of cause and effect to positive and
negative. Yet, perception of the causal course of events is necessary
for this process. If the notions of virtues and virtuous behavior
gradually break down, then society systemically develops social ills
stemming from gradual dissimilation of individual's incentivization
models -- viz. the factors that motivate action of individuals and
social groups becomes increasingly detached from one another and from
the whole, as without virtues there's no shared sense of values or
commonly valued behavior-types.

### Stop Nursing That Tall Glass of Nihilism And Do Something

How can we address the problems social hyperconnection causes for a
Republic, when it's already impossible to cooperatively communicate
about politics. Further, when the next generation may not be assumed
to have an implicit, albeit perhaps subconscious, appreciation for
[congruence of the human
condition](http://te.xel.io/posts/2017-03-10-harnessing-the-congruence-of-the-human-condition-for-natural-justice.html). Will
it be possible to make them care?
