---
title: "Motivations for Anime's Aesthetics and (Future Human Self-Image) in the Post-Cyber Age"
categories: "blog"
tags: ""
headline: ""
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---

- inspired by:
  - Ghost in the Shell
  - Pyschopass
  - Altered Carbon
  - Dune
  - etc...

- TODO: move discussion on anime aesthetics closer up here
  - (that's why people are clicking on this link, LOL)

- in the future, if brains/consciousness are cyberized, is there some
  idealized physical form which humanity would prefer to take
  - among several possible such imagined idealized forms, what are the
    real-world interaction dynamics (psychological and/or
    sociological) that emerge based on how humanity collectively
    decides to express their intention for adapting their body to the
    new world?
  - more summarily: should we reconsider the ideal of the harmonic
    relationships inherent in the human form that Leonardo di Vinci
    established in his sketch Vitruvian Man?
    - what are the new ideals on human form that emerge when humans
      have no constraints on the form they choose -- or perhaps only
      socio/economic constraints on that form?

### (Should we consider any limitations on form?)

- basically: why would the cyberbodies of the future look like Major
  Kusanagi's artificial, but entirely human form?
  - wouldn't human's rather project their soul/agency into a far more
    capable and less fragile form like the Tachicoma?
  - is it only our familiarity with our own form that binds our
    selection to such forms?

### Network Theory and Social Interaction Dynamics Will Constrain Form

- the limits of our imagination do not define well these forms,
  since they must be voluntarily or un/consciously amplified in
  order to begin being distributed
  - further, the dynamics of humans in these new physical forms also
    must be taken into account. What do conversations around the water
    cooler look like, when we're our minds are connected to computer
    programs running inside of metallic shells designed by Boston
    Dynamics.
  - If we want to truly understand artificially designed human forms,
    then there are key phenomenological and teleological constraints
    that result from the possibilities of materials engineering,
    architecture and (the pursuit of simplicity), as well as how
    humans perceive those constraints.
  - what's the marketing pitch for different forms artificial bodies?
    how do design considerations correlate to the price?

- curtailed somewhat by socioeconomic dynamics, these network effects
  will amplify certain forms, causing some types of physical form to
  be more prevelant than others.

### In America, Excessively **Hard Science-Fiction** Is Rewarded With A Witchhunt

- science fiction is typically concerned with philosophical issues and
  the distortions to fields in the humanities in some future setting
  -- or simply the exposition of an entertaining story.

- these are visible in the design of the Tachicoma vehicles in Ghost
  in the Shell, which strongly contrasts less realistic design of
  future vehicles in other sci-fi and anime.
  - visually, you can tell that someone considered, roughly, how the
    speciation of potential vehicular form factors might expand and,
    *would critically be constrained by* actual design considerations:
    - how the resilience of materials in the future to tensile,
      torsive, compressive and other stresses of potential materials
      would dramatically expand in nanomaterials based, connects to
      their viable selection in design.
      - vehicular form-factors will forever be constrained by these!
        not every imaginable species of vehicular form factor is
        actually possible, once authentic design-considerations are
        taken into account.
        - other practical concerns relating to realistic economics,
          usability or the accumulation of stress, makes some future
          vehicular conceptions as ironic as a blimp.
      - a good thought experiement in retro-futurism: what might a
        flying machine look like in the 1850?
    - how any type of futuristic vehicular form's must include
      interconnected components that respond to combinations of the
      stress-types listed above -- in general usage and given the
      operational considerations of how the vehicle's motion impacts
      its interconnected parts.

  - The limitations that the hyper-realistic design constraints of
    materials science imposes onto the creative design of futuristic
    technology is sobering and a bit depressing.
    - This is the impact that hyperrealism exerts on art, fiction and
      expression. the future is hyperrealistic. we see what we know
      and that is the lens that frames our conception of what is
      possible. in other words, developments in science and math exert
      strong unconscious effects on artistic expression. when that
      lens becomes too constraining, we create art that rebels against
      those hyperrealistic forces by discarding entirely any
      preconceptions that bind us. Yet, we can only push back against
      the preconceptions of which we are aware and conscious, unless
      it is done by accident. In some ways, people in the future have
      far more limited creative sight because of the impact of
      unconscious assumptions arising from hyperrealism.

### Hyperrealism

  - hyperrealism is depressing for the same reasons that we seek to
    escape reality through fiction and art, yet it curtails our
    ability to do so. Since modernism has swept across the globe, we
    only more convergently begin to share the same conceptions of a
    framework for reality. this forms the confines of what we believe
    to be possible, but also the notions of what specifically deviates
    from valid conceptions of reality.

### The Mind of the Child at the Intersection of Jung and Freud

![Diffeomorphic & Doctor Jacobi]

- (actually this is closer to Freud's ideas of early-childhood
  development.)
  - also: perhaps move this to another article (perhaps the one on
    "adversarial network analysis") since this tangent connects to the
    that articles exploration of under/over-determinedness

- Much of Freud's work sought construct an *ontological* understanding
  of how the earliest "motion" in the evolution of an individuals mind
  would impact that individual for the rest of their
  life. Ontologically, Freud sought to draw parallels on early
  childhood mental fixations, which consists of limited cognition
  where thoughts are emulated within a limited set of concepts, upon
  which everything else is gradually deposited. So, since those early
  shells of the mind become self-reinforcing through the mind's
  attempt to define new things in terms of what it knows at that time,
  then if Freud could develop a means of ontologically constructing
  modular types and metatypes of early-childhood experience, then it
  would be much easier to explain the patients later mental state and
  evolution. Furthermore, if psychologists could recognize these types
  and metatypes, they'd be better equipped to advise the patient's
  treatment by understanding that patient's early-childhood motion
  through human-psyche-space.

  - regardless of the era, the mind of a child is least-constrained by
    hyperrealistic influences. to become familiar with expression,
    seek to understand the world through that lens or, more
    effectively, observe how they reflect on art and the possibilities
    of expression and interaction thereof. they don't yet have rigidly
    defined constructions telling them what is or is not possible, but
    critically, everyone of us beings life in tabula rasa and are
    inlaid with our own combination of experiences which defines which
    phenomena become conscious first and which remain unconscious the
    longest.
      - As one perceives how the set of imperceptible phenomena
        changes from individual or group, the minds of children are
        most divergent -- their individual sets differ the most.

    - Most people might say: "let me stop you right there: I have no
      idea what you're saying?!!" That's fair: most people understand
      this intuitively, but it is nigh-impossible to be a good parent
      for a young child if you do not know the concepts you're child
      is aware of or can't ellicit that information. Parenthood
      changes people in many critical ways. For example, they
      perpetuate their own informational existence through their
      children and they become instantly bound by the unconscious
      impact of having to lose another that the concept of love itself
      becomes revitalized. To the point: parenthood causes people to
      become more in tune with the impact that information has on
      others and the phenomenon that as-yet-unconscious phenomenon
      have on the psychology, starting from tabula rasa.
      - ... now, to any parent, it should be clear. It is not so
        complicated, but overly-verbose and difficult to convey as a
        message with consistency if I cannot refer to intellectual
        ideas.



###

- Each of us has this "profile of conscious phenomena" that changes as
  time.
  - Every adult has their own set of imperceptible phenomena, which
    will or may remain unconscious to them, but adults in a society
    generally converge towards more singular "perceptibility
    profiles". For example, we are all conscious of Uranium's
    significance to nuclear fission, but the mind of an engineer is
    much more likely to fixate on realism in future vehicles; for most
    adults perception of vehicular form factors, these
    highly-technical concerns remain invisible: the impact that
    materials selection and cost have on resilience to the
    accumulation of stresses, especially at joints; the actuarian
    methods, which statistically define acceptable risk tolerance for
    cumulative stress.
  - Obsessing over the authenticity and coherence of details in hard
    science fiction is lost to most of us: expensive sweat to be
    wasted.

Ghost in the Shell's vehicle design demonstrates the difference
between presentation of soft and hard science fiction, as well as the
difficulties in conveying future "realism" without seeming
stilted. Ghost in the Shell has no ego in that regard. The new Arise
series provided me with so many layers to sift through without trying
to call any attention to the motivations or effort exerted by
creatives in assembling realistic devices: of scenario, plot, towards
the exposition of logistics, and vehicular design. The outlines of
this mandate for a realistic vision of the future, which also (leads)
you through philosophic exploration, only reveals the faint outlines
of edifices for high-IQ individuals to explore. It is all there, not
overbearing, but below the surface.

The future is not nearly as open-ended and limitless as we believe it
to be. There are no massive mech battles in space, where AI-controlled
Gundams face off against those humans in mechs who believe there is
honor in death and would die simply to hold onto that. That the
hyper-real future would even allow us to consider this is as deserving
of criticism as a picture of a moonbase in a 1950's newspaper.

The future is not open-ended, our destiny is not so divergently
related to the actions of individuals, but instead convergent; the
possibility space folds and collapses along edifices and surfaces that
are unconscious to enough of us that we can retain the divergent
perspective.

####


#### Aesthetic Motivations for Anime

- (to answer some of the above), what motivates the anatomic
  presentation of anime characters?
  - consider the facial structure, but also the anatomic proportions
  - why is it so profoundly distinct from other styles of 2D
    animation? why is the art style consistent with itself?
  - animators seek to escape the confines of 3D reality to express.
    their vision through characters. thus, if you can design
    characters in visual style distorted to encode traces of
    abstraction, why do animators choose the directions that you do?
    - And according to Hegelian metaphysics, why is anime designed to
      harmonizes with a particular visual style that is metaphysically
      significant in a way that other 2D styles of animated
      anatomic-style cannot replicate?
    - what i mean to say is that Anime directors hit early on
      something that, out of a Hegelian extrapolation of metaphysics,
      always eventually become copied. A trend of a similar nature in
      aesthetics, though one which is merely incidental: why did
      renaissance portraits all look the same? Because the artists
      chose to pursue realistic style and were compelled to for
      commercial success.
    - Anime directors and producers were confronted with budget
      constraints early on, but reinforced a similar art style across
      Japanese animation. That it was similar enough to be distinct,
      animators in other countries avoided copying it. However, the
      aesthetics of the anatomic-presentation are not ad hoc: they are
      asthetics that pursue realism, but were motivated by a need to
      overcome the medium's spatial constraints on accurate and
      well-conveyed expression of human emotion, particularly complex
      emotions. therefore:
      - the head is proportionally larger than it would normally be
        for the human body, but not so much that it is noticable.
      - the eyes become larger, so the audience can infer spatial
        connections between the character's presented visual fields,
      - the distinctions between pupils and iris's are set so that the
        audience can infer information about the character's presented
        emotional state when the
    - if for some complicated Hegelian explanation, the aesthetics of
      this art-style are universally significant and can't be
      duplicated without appearing copied, than anyone who seeks to
      gain the communicative advantages of these aesthetics *must
      appear to have copied them*. As long as the art-style is
      associated with *Japanese* animation and would inevitably need
      to be copied for 2D animation, then whoever copied that
      art-style must admit that they copied the Japanese style.
      - Excluding Disney animation, to be sure, the Western 2D
        animation art-styles that appeared on Cartoon Network in the
        90's needed to take similar concerns, like exposition of
        emotion to an audience with small TV's, seem to have been
        motivated by a creatives attempts to pursue their own artistic
        vision, which was unfortunately to post-modern to be
        significant for anything other than establishing the visual
        asthetics' own identity.

- The point here is that ... (wtf was that point again?)



# Was Scarlett Johansson's Mitoko Kusanagi Racist?

### What makes anime seem different anyways?

- Why can I say this? In case you protested and never saw the movie,
  Major Kusanagi's body in the very first scene is fucking CYBER and
  100% artificial. It's not a biological body, which fuels the films
  exposition of philosophical questions in a future with blurred
  identity and self, among others ... and it is the exploration of
  *those* issues, not the popularity of sci-fi anime with action and
  hacking, that ever made the original movie worth watching. Nothing
  like that could be found in western film or TV at the time, nor
  would it ever have been because authorities in the west at the time
  wanted us to remain blind to philosophy, especially as critical
  phenomena change in the future in response to technology.
  - Economic considerations for marketing film and TV meant all
    mainstream content in America needed to be watered down.
    - This, in addition to the incentive to dull American minds so
      that we are as restricted as pigs in a slaughterhouse
      contributes to corporate profits, is why anime in the 90's and
      early 2000's was able to construct stories and worlds which
      tackled tough philosophical issues.
    - There are at least two other reasons why anime seems so
      different to us:
      - [lean/kanban production process for Anime] results in more
        experimentation and more flexibility
      - [Eastern influences in Anime] seem completely novel to western
        audiences.

### ... Or Did You Fall For Leftist Racebaiting?

- No offense, but this controversy was an egrigious example of an
  artificial "cultural discussion" that is **permitted** to occur in
  American society by the powers that be Hollywood -- who cringe in
  fear from astroturf leftist retaliation on social media. These are
  controversies which are *planned* by teams trying to anticipate
  social media trends in response to their heavy film
  investments. They are ASTROTURF and completely fake, just like
  everything in Hollywood. Especially for cinema, they are almost
  never a genuine social response to the two-minutes of content *in a
  fucking movie trailer*.

  - Regardless, the film directors could have cast any ethnicity as
    the Major and it would make more sense than any African American
    Hermoine Granger, which IMO is a passable artistic liberty if not
    used to specifically racebait for commercial gain.
  - I don't see the problem with forcing people to think about this
    stuff, in fact, the latter example is simply artistic
    liberty. Hermoine's a black chick this time. What's the problem?
  - However, casting Scarlett Johansson as the Major? That's
    authentically controversal? No, that's clearly astroturf
    racebaiting.
  - while it's important to spur dialogue on issues, especially for
    art, when that bleeds over into primariliy motivating marketing
    strategies and profit-margins, it becomes tough to argue that the
    strategic presentation of your art truly seeks to altruistically
    drive society forward over simply seeking profits. on tough
    issues, it is far more important to listen.

### Cultural Identity is Not Visually Defined

Why is it a problem to define cultural identity purely in terms of
visual presentation of phenotype? Well, besides the opposite, imagine
for a second *that you actually live in the future*. Imagine that it
is at least 2050 and America hasn't consumed itself from racial
tension ignited by astroturf controversies enabled by the media and
purely for political expedience... Are you there?

Now, decide you're about to have children. What eye color do you want
them to have? What skin color do you want them to be? Here's the
fucking problem. Some asshole is going to decide that they want to
share the same region of Hell as Revenge Porn Hunter Morrison and
they're going to decide that they want to be the first person to alter
the skin color of their children, to provoke political controversy.
That is potentially offensive for many of the same reasons that the
notion of Blackface from early 20th century cinema is highly
offensive. What do you mean, that if people today persist that ethnic
identity is primarily visually discerned, then people in the future
who have enough money can arbitrarily distort, confusingly use or
generally dissolve away the ethnocultural associations we place onto
phenotype.

Consider that is only one technology among many that dramatically
change how we perceive ethnic identity and racial issues. Fifty years
into the future, our ability to associate visually recognizable
phenotypes with ethnic identity has deteriorated. Yet, if we can
cyberize our brains, then humans can project agency into any physical
form that they like.

These scenarios may be considered hyperbole, yet, given appropriate
motivations for considering them, it is hardly insensitive. While
America is in the middle of tearing itself apart over ethnic tension
provoke by well-placed astroturf issues in American media, I believe
it's unwise to avoid considering this future, where appearance does
not determine ethnic identity. What if this conflict does precipitate
forces which tear the United States apart, and then we make it to that
future in 2050, but no Americans have the economic resources for
genetic engineering, nor for the pursuit of any other technology which
paves the way for economic opportunity. Instead, we live in economic
oblivion we created after tearing ourselves apart, the causes for
which were not only partly artificial and driven by external
influence, but in the end would seem anachronistic. At the same time,
we would see this technology applied in other countries who did not
artificially stimulate racial tension and thus did not economically
stagnate from civil tension or all out civil war. This general waning
of visually-indicated ethnic identity is among many counterintuitive
political and cultural trends which may occur during the world's
transition through transnationalism to postnationalism.

America has the potential for ethnic tension because of the cultural
diversity that exists here. We are a nation of many peoples. That is
supposed to be a strength, but influences outside of America can help
drive this tension. That should not be possible. We should expect it
and respond by becoming closer to each other.
