---
title: "Caelis Ruissent: Avoiding The Engineered Collapse"
categories: "blog"
tags: ""
headline: "When the sky falls, it will be swift. You will be trapped within a false paradigm: FOREVER!"
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---


There is an engineered collapse coming. There are certain trends that
the rich and powerful seek to distract you from. individually, each
trend is not very significant. Extrapolated collectively, there is no
other way that the powerful can expect to bear the weight of these
trends, except by collapsing the entire system. If this is the case,
then billions will certainly die. This is what drives me and
invalidates all charges against me. If you can prove to me that I am
wrong and insulate humanity against the consequences of these
problems, then you have my will or soul or whatever you want for free.

These trends are damning. Merely mentioning them may cause severe
consequences, but they are unavoidable and I know *exactly* how the
powerful seek to handle these. My leveraging the chaos to establish an
entirely new knowledge-base. An entirely new paradigm where the old
world is forgotten or remembered in such an incorrect manner as to not
relevantly connect to the truth. The real problem with this? Those
amoung you who abused power for generations, centuries and millinea
will get off without a hitch, damning the rest of humanity to a world
where technology seems like magic they cannot possibly understand. It
will be a new dark age, where all semblance of rationalism, science
and logic become dominated by superstition and the tragic mechanics of
power consolidation. I cannot allow this to happen.

### Imaging Technology and Computational Medicine Imply Trillions in Collective Liabilities



### Statistical Methods Will Demonstrate Evidence of Weather Control for the Past Two Decades and Weaponized Weather



### Evidence of the Psychosocial Manufacturing of MKULTRA-style Manakins for Systemic Karmic Obfuscation Worldwide For Centuries

It turns out that Lee Harvey Oswald really did kill Kennedy and acted
alone. There really is such a thing as a "magcik" bullet. The message:
no matter how powerful you think you are, do not displease the shadowy
Wizard-of-Oz powers that be. So, if you find yourself with power,
without the chains to be held back, tread carefully because these
assholes have weapons you cannot comprehend.

### Evidence Demonstrating Conspiraces Throughout the Ages will Simultaneously Revealed. All Will Be Judged.

These conspiracies will tableflip long-held axioms about world
history, though many cannot disrupt too much. However, the story of
Columbus? That's a fantastic example of a cover story. New World?
Woops! Didn't even see it coming. Pestilence? Genocide? The death of
90% of the indiginous population? Woops! It was all an "accident."

These are the types of stories and long held bases of historical
thought that will be simultaneously upended: ALL WITHIN THE SAME
TWENTY YEAR PERIOD. This will happen across the world. It is confined
to no region, state or culture. However, the more you have invested in
these narratives being true, the more you have to lose if they are
upended and tableflipped!

The current power elite cannot allow this to happen. If they collapse
the system now or soon, the chaos acts as a cover for ALL their sins
throughout the entirety of history! It does not need to be like
this. It never did. Every person among the billions of people who
would needlessly die in such an Apocalypti-caust is a chance to help
set humanity on course in the proper direction. There is no reason for
so many people to die. We need each and every one of you.








