---
title: "Dirty Santa"
---

it's so horrible what happened to Aaron Swartz. the shadowy powers
that be robbed him of everything at the end. he lost all the money
he'd made to legal expenses fighting some bogus bullshit. they were
going to charge him with felonies and throw him in jail for decades,
all to rob him of the chance he'd have to build/exercise power for
change.

============

### 10,000ft view

i've already been robbed of all social/financial resources and
tormented in a sociophysical prison for years. i couldn't even afford
the drugs they tried to sell me, so they had to "give" them to me --
two hours before i walked 150 yards down the street with a friend,
where he threw me at cops. he had also tried to plant baggies with
residue at my house along with stolen goods and boxcutters. he
miraculously got away by hiding in a tunnel -- even though it was
fairly conspicuous -- while i threw myself at the cops to avoid him
being arrested, since i was lucky enough to have left everything he
gave me at home.

i can conclusively prove that he knew what we were walking into --
with plenty of circumstantial information on top. i don't believe it
was the police, but there is no way he pulled this off by himself. it
took over a month and was ... impressive. he stole my iphone and had
lied about not having a phone -- he had a burner. he signaled over
specific channels to avoid leaving a trace. and an hour or so before
we left, he said on the phone to his sister "I'm bringing in
#DonaldTrump." like WTF, do i look like an orange guy living in a
white house?

Of course, there is no one here for me. i have minimal social &
financial resources. my family was giving me bad advice and telling me
i didn't need to talk to a lawyer. the detectives kept asking me about
a false name. he had a wallet with someone else's ID that he showed me
and I think he dropped it at the scene. i called the police station
and they had only one record on file with my name on it and were
investigating NONE with his name on it. i told them i had more
information and haven't heard anything from him. i don't have access
to my email, since i had two-factor on my iphone. this seems
tactically relevant to slowing down resolution of the situation after
the fact by expanding the length of communication feedback loop --
definitely against my favor.

anyways, i'm posting on here bc i just finished watching a documentary
about #AaronSwartz. my back is against the wall and, like always, i'm
socially isolated in perpetuity to minimize the possibility of
information leaking out about my situation that would need to be
stamped out later.

i ended up blowing up the situation on social media, since i'm backed
against the corner, so now the situation is 100x worse for people
involved, depending on which of my interpretations are correct. i feel
horrible about this -- depending on who my old "friend" was working
with or whether the local police were in on it, things could get
pretty bad very fast.

and, as usual, there is no one in my life to listen. i have no money
and no social options. all of this restricts my location and any
options at my disposal, making me incredibly easy to predict, like a
chess player with two pieces.

=============

more to come later (again, i don't have millions of dollars to fight
this bullshit)



=============

#### Facebook Messages

This is David Conner. The post I made on my profile (not here) was
reported and I was kicked out of Facebook for three days. After having
my phone stolen by Bobby, this leaves me not only without 911 access,
but also without most access to talk to anyone on facebook at a moment
when my life may depend on reaching out to others. No one responds to
messages on this account, since I haven't added any friends.

I realize the consequences of my actions and that they put me in grave
danger. I don't think they were "right" but there's hardly actual
justice in my life, if you know what I've been going through for the
past three years. I've been tormented by gaslighting and intentionally
isolated, without any semblance of justice or due process.

Regardless, I did not think Bobby was a narc. Narcs don't steal and
plant stolen goods at your house, unless they were . Narcs wouldn't
have any reason to investigate a user of drugs who wouldn't have had
any drugs without having contact with the narc. That's definitely,
definitely entrapment.

Narcs also don't engage in COINTELPRO-style disruption campaigns or
manipulate the channels of communication to cover their
tracks. However, Bobby did plant drugs on me, immediately before we
encountered police and said they were a "Christmas" present, since I
didn't have enough money to buy what he tried to sell me earlier that
night. That was about 90 minutes before we encountered police.

I won't say how right now, but I realized after the fact that Bobby
knew what kind of situation we were going to encounter. He was ready
to run, knew that I had no experience running from the police (and
thus would be the first one caught by a single cop) and knew what he
was going to do and where he was going to hide. I also know that Bobby
is street smart, but that he is not counter-intelligence smart --
i.e. use of deceptive counter-signaling, psychological techniques,
etc. He had access to information obtained via illicit surveillance
and he was using techniques that someone near him advised him to
use. I had felt this out for over a month. It amazed me the number of
options he had left himself and that he had arranged which would leave
me legally vulnerable. I don't expect anyone to believe me with this
much limited information.

This is just one example of situations that i've been placed in when I
already feel like i've been a cornered animal for about three years
now. I'm sick of it. I had taken the pictures of his messages to try
to reconstruct things and realized that he was lying for the purpose
of generating disinformation to me and others in his messages on
FB. If you understand what I know, his FB messages paint a completely
different picture of certain critical and hard-to-understand events:

- He told me on 12/21 & 12/22 that he didn't have a phone, but i know
  for a fact that he stole a white Galaxy S3 from me which he used as
  a burner. I have the screenshots of his active facebook sessions to
  prove it. I told him I was going to give it to him, but I never did
  and noticed it missing (this phone I don't really consider "stolen"
  per se but more of an incident of intentionally poor communication)

- He also told me that his tablet was broken -- and thus couldn't make
  phone calls -- but yet had his sister bring his tablet to him at my
  house. He never mentioned she was bringing it to me, but this is in
  his FB messages to her, which he acted like he did not want me to
  see. She brought it to him that afternoon around 4:00pm when we were
  planning on hanging out with her later around 8:00pm, but needed to
  get a ride from Justin to get there.

- He made two phone calls in hushed tones in my bathroom, which i
  pretended not to notice. I didn't understand how he made the calls
  because, at that time, he didn't have my phone -- which also has
  evidence of all this on it. I later realized that he had the Galaxy
  S3 burner phone.

i'm not judging Bobby for being in a tough spot. I know that he did
not want to do what he was going to do to me. Someone put him up to
it. I WANT TO KNOW WHO PUT HIM UP TO IT.

I also realize that a lot of this is hard to understand for other
people. When you're trapped in the situation that I am in, the people
you're fighting against want to minimize all exposure of
information. So, I have done the extreme opposite of that, at extreme
risk to myself. I don't expect anyone to defend me. I just want to
know what has happened in my life.

One final thing: about 60 minutes before we encountered police: he
showed me someone else's ID from a wallet and asked me whether I
thought he could use it. I said "No, it doesn't even look like you,"
even though I am not the kind of person that wants to advise someone
on fake ID's. I found FB messages that indicated he had stolen
someone's wallet a few days before. THE POLICE SEEM TO HAVE
MISRECORDED THE ENTIRE SERIES OF EVENTS USING THE WRONG NAME, I think
because he dropped a fake ID at the scene. Even though I don't believe
that the police would set something up like this, my family and police
were very evasive when responding to this situation, even though I
wasn't charged with anything. Furthermore, I realized that, by
dropping this ID card, Bobby could have helped someone establish an
alibi for someone else, WHO MAY HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF WHO SET THIS IN
MOTION.

No one in my family or life was concerned at all about:

- the fact that I was not in jail
- finding out what had happened to me
- or even hearing my story, like all facts of my life are classified
  information



## Questions - recorded shortly after "The EV3NT"

#### How did Bobby get away?

> i now know the answer to this

- how fast did other salem units respond to the scene


#### How long does it take to walk from the edge of my driveway to the point of intersection by police

- i.e. the point at which we initially crossd paths, which was in
  front of the white house on the hill on N. Market Street (around the
  point of the sidewalk)
- i'm guessing the amount of time required for this distance at
  walking speed is very close to the amount of time required to drive
  from the police station and up market street to intercept us.
  - still, i do not believe it was the Salem City police who set this
    up. instead, i believe someone signalled to the police by dialing
    911 as we left my driveway.
  - i suspect that Bobby was trying to signal to his sister, so she
    could signal to the police (either indirectly or directly by
    calling 911)
    - she was on the phone with him the whole time until we
      encountered police, which i believe was to ensure that Bobby
      would have my phone after this all went down
    - his sister also knew certain details about the police encounter,
      which were critical in helping me form my understanding of how
      he got away from them. I still do not believe her, per se
      (i.e. just because)

#### did someone make a 911 call for which Phillip was dispatched to the scene from the Salem PD HQ?

- my mom did say that someone called 911 which was why the encounter
  happened in the first place
  - if this is true, then someone could have called the police when we
    left my driveway. however, bobby had been standing in my driveway
    for approx 45 minutes
    - because i had smoked weed and my mind was scattered
    - i was trying to gather all my stuff

#### Why was bobby willing to tolerate standing in the driveway for so long?

#### Why did bobby say we were going to get a "drink" "from sheetz"?

- when he knew that i had absolutely no money (i dont think i even had
  $5) it didn't make sense

#### Why did bobby make statements about his bookbag being broken or hoping that the zipper wasn't going to break?

- this is relevant because after the police encounter, the zipper was
  broken on my bookbag. it's yet another potential example of him
  applying my own ideology & methods for approaching situations w/
  event-driven, atemporal undrerstandings of how they will play out.

#### why did bobby try to give me a vaporizer (without a battery)



#### why did bobby "drop" his vape juice and other items at the scene?

- i found this the day afterwards. if i hadn't seen it laying in the
  road (i didn't touch it whatsoever) then i wouldn't have tried to
  search the scene.
  - i searched the scene and he had "dropped" some things as he was
    "running" that acted as a trail of breadcrumbs for me to follow
  - since (1) it was so obvious
    - and (2) the probability that i'd follow that trail was like 99%
      - why? since i live on the street, walk to the coffee shop every
        day and couldn't possibly not see the vape juice on the road
        and remember the
    - , i don't actually accept that these
    were dropped naturally, but that the were intended

#### *IF* all of this IS a conspiracy (either organized crime or non-salem police)...

- then how could it possibly have been so sophisticated?

#### why did bobby get a SECOND mcdonalds cup for tea after i threw the original one away?

- i threw the first one away and damaged it when i threw it in the
  trash. this was early in the morning (i think?) before everything
  had happened
- this is relevant because i found the SECOND mcdonalds cup in the
  creek. jumping to conclusions here, but why would he need to get the
  second one?

#### when bobby's sister contacted me at 4:00am on 12/23, Why did she seem most concerned about how i would talk about the scenario

- and, if she was phishing for information to relay to bobby, then why
  would this all be so well-organized?

#### what did bobby do with the second bag of drugs that was so conveniently left on the floor approx 30 minutes before we left?

- in other words, was his original plan to encourage police to chase
  him back to my house?
  - relevent because i have a device that helps me take drugs
    responsibly, which looks incredibly sketchy.
  - *before* this all went down, i woke up to my mom "discovering"
    this device as she was searching my stuff.
