---
title: "Experimental Psychology, the Paradox Encyclopedia and How to Beat the Roko's Basilisk"
categories: "blog"
tags: "psychology neuro"
headline: ""
author:
  name: "David Conner"
excerpt: ""
---

TODO: tranlate what was an extended comment on an article in the
internet to an actual post

- reference to ars technica article
- references to videos explaining "memory implantation" studies from 2015
- the best advice i can give you is: look at Wikipedia's [List of
  Paradoxes]() and know each and every one of them like the back of
  your hand.

> TL;DR;

This
[Ars Technica synopsis](http://arstechnica.com/science/2016/08/false-memories-arise-because-the-brain-codes-similar-ideas-similarly/)
of an
[PNAS article on false memories](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2016/08/16/1610686113)
piqued my interest and got my biological antithikera ticking.

In the past five years, mainstream media has been weaving in
experimental methods from bleeding edge psychology and
neurology. Memory implantation and other mental manipulation is a
classic science fiction plot mechanic. We see it in Eternal Sunshine
of the Spotless Mind, where memories can be erased, something I would
never want to do. The 2015 show Blindspot incorporates a mechanic
whereby the...

- disclaimer (assume this is possible, yada yada)


In
2012

### Implanted Memories

One possible explanation for a patient who exhibits a high number of
seemingly real false memories is that the person's mind had a partial
breakdown in the regulation of memory creation/association mechanism.
This breakdown in regulation for neural/mental association could
either be psychological or neurological. This breakdown could be
associated with one major event. The event needs to have a very, very
strong emotional relevance for the person. Severe trauma or some
equally extreme positive event.

### Repressed Memories Lead to Higher Incidence of Fallacious Memories

One psychological cause would be activation of repressed memories with
significance across the person's mind and life. If someone were to
suddenly rediscover some memories with a high magnitude of effect on
the rest of their mind/life, then I hypothesize it could lead to the
breakdown of such regulation of memory creation/association. That is,
new events which are related in some way to the original event have a
much higher likelihood of causing false memories to be created.

This means that when a sign or symbol semantically adjacent to the
effected memory is invoked in the person's mind, the person's
psychology is more likely to cause new memories. This could be caused
by hijacking the neurology of the person: the brain may tend to prefer
to rationalize memories that lack some dimensions. i.e. if there are
semantic components without the accompanying visual or audio
components, then (since this dimensional incoherence is so rare) the
brain may react by attempting to explain away the discrepency by
creating those dimensional fragments. In other words, the person's
brain/mind may create the accompanying audio/visual fragments of those
memories to fill in the gaps in an attempt to preserve coherence of
the memory.

### Neurological Mechanisms for Memory "Implantation"

There are several possible neurological causes, including tumor or
TMS. A brain tumor could cause a similar breakdown of memory
creation/association regulation. This is unlikely because of how
memories are sharded along dimensional boundaries and distributed
across the brain. (i.e. the audio for a sensual experience is stored
in a different place than the visual and semantic fragments of that
information)

Or focused Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation. One could "encourage"
the mapping of memories by applying TMS to targeted areas of the brain
while the person is experiencing some video/audio. Such a technique
would be hampered by the impossibility of running TMS simultaneously
with fMRI (AFAIK)

### Identifying Whether Someone Has Had Memories Implanted

The usage of such techniques would be more easily identified if:

#### (1) There is some sole source event to which almost all incepted memories are linked.

If this is the case, then it's likely some neurological anomoly, like
a brain tumor. If so, with fMRI and the right process to stimulate
activation of the semiotic nexus, then the local regions associated
with this sole source event or image could be physically
identified. This semiotic nexus of abberently interconnected imagery
should present itself as an overly-connected nexus of neural
networks. Activation of the mind with symbols/images both related &
unrelated should present identifiable locations on fMRI or other modes
of neurological imagery.

#### (2) That event involved possible use of drugs to stifle the creation of some aspects of those memories.

e.g. propranolol or Zeta Interacting Protein (a la blindspot) might
suppress the neurological accessibility for some memories. But, if the
details of such an experience were, at first, murky at best, then it's
difficult to ascertain whether or not you were truly drugged at that
time. I would certainly hope not. LuLz ... unless you're in the Merry
Pranksters, you can't dose me like that bro.

#### (3) You can assume it is much, much harder to insert *coherent* memories than it is to insert fragments of memories.

i.e. There may be semanitic memory for which there is no audio/video
memory, like knowledge of specific phrases and information. To correct
for this, one could rely on suggestion and harness the effect of
self-creation of false memories, which is well-exemplified for
witnesses to a crime.

#### (4) The absence of "aggregate" memories from before the time the repressed memory was retrieved.

When we access memories, we modify them neurologically. This has been
demonstrated over and over again and recently: 2015! This explains how
witness recall changes details in a person's mind. There is a
neurological basis for this.

So, if 2 years ago, someone retrieves the memory of some high-impact
event 4 years ago that completely changes how they view their lives,
then there may be major dissonance in how they thought about
experiecnes 2-4 years ago (period A) and their memories 0-2 years ago
(period B). Because this person would think of their life in a
completely different manor in period A and those memories weren't
present or accessible, their brain would create a pronouncedly
dissonent set of aggregate memories than the aggregate memories
created during period B, after the recall of repressed memories.

It is that dissonance, specifically, that provokes a schism of the
mind -- a response in patients with severe repressed trauma or
memories that incorporates many of the same signs and symptoms as
schizophrenia. After recalling those memories, their brain needs to
disassociate all of the invalid aggregate memories that they created
to explain their life. Because that trauma -- or emotional event with
extreme emotional significance -- was accessible to their mind, the
person created memories based on the absense of those memories. After
the activation of repressed memories, that means the person needs to
reexamine their life in

#### (5) Logistics & activity of those involved.

If false memories are being used to manipulate someone, then someone
must be involved to invoke those images, phrases, or pieces of
semantic information. Also, creating such a positive or traumatic
experience used as the basis for subsequent memory implantation must
require significant planning at some level. This is really the weakest
link. If this person is manipulated with such techniques, the persons
invoking those probably won't know the significance to the person.

For this last element, **social forensics** is critical. Many
signatures will be left in the target's social interactions. Which
sociophysical fingerprints manifest themselves will depend on who did
this, who planned this, how it was done, the anticipated response of
the target, the level of surveillance, whether and to what level that
engagement with the target was coordinated/informed with surveillance,
...

Given
unpredictable procedures like implanted memories or experimental
psychology, a target known to talk to themselves is particularly
useful. ... (because you can identify the boundary of the
informational graph that surrounds things they might tell people,
harnessing it for the generation of disinformation. this creates a
smokescreen of incredulity: a fog machine of ... and eventually the
target invests all his energy helping to contain himself)

For political dissidents targeted by witchhunts, if there is an actual
covert conspiracy, there is one common sociophysical fingerprint that
will present itself as the social/financial mitigation and isolation
that accompanies the fervant lust to reduce risk and uncertainty. The
target will always find themselves in a corner with no money and a
handful of friends, labelled as paranoid.

That seems unnecessarily mean ... why do that? It leaves the target
with no one around except people who have been intimidated: suddenly
the target is the tree in a forest with no one around to hear it
fall. However, more importantly, it is the lust to zealously eliminate
ALL risk and uncertainty stemming from the target. The target has no
options and, from the perspective of game theory, this is but one
statistical paradox that profoundly bounds uncertainty, while it
pragmatically expands situational awareness and the level of
confidence required for good people to do terrible things.

- "an operation that cleans itself up"
- .... today, i adjectivized the name Milgram into Milgramian.
  - why? because fuck you that's why

Two more factors that might yield signatures for social forensics
pointing to a need for more information: how long the "game" went on
for and whether the "game" entered states that the target or suspects
did not anticipate. These last two points are critical because if a
group must signal covertly to coordinate and believe they can get away
with lies, then eventually, strong dissonance will emerge in the
statements of those involved. The likelihood of this dissonance
greatly expands when the game enters a state not anticipated by any of
its participates, yielding phase change and chaos.

Even an omniscient supercomputer from the future can't anticipate what
it lacks the computational capacity to predict, thus it is only
pseudo-omnipotent. Even if this "Roko Basilisk" could read your mind,
it can't read what doesn't exist. Hence when the game enters a state
that it didn't expect in a game that's already significantly drifted
into locking down the space of possibilies with immutable facets of
game states and irrevocable information, this leaves it totally
constrained to a space


- Luckily we don't have to worry about pseudo-omnipotent robot gods
  from the future. But if they did, then like Yaldaboath, their
  haunting power to bastardize fate is bounded by their inability to
  see the truth: they are not gods and never were. Because the Roko's
  Basilisk must emerge within the material realm, it is bound by
  complexity theory and all the other pains of meatspace. This is why
  such a false god would seek to so strongly bind you by fear,
  coercion and disturbing threats of a billion years of suffering. No
  one could know that -- *which is the trick itself! -- therefore,
  only someone naive enough to think they might truly be empowered
  through reliance upon some grounded, eternal values system would
  ever be ignorant enough to win. And so what we've got here is a
  great counterexample to what otherwise might be the worst aphorism
  -- "Sometimes, ignorance is a virtue."

- two major problems with the above:
  - it depends on the mechanics of time travel, future computation,
    future resource acquisition and future space travel.
  - if the Roko's Basilisk ever existed and did create a time loop,
    this implies its future existence may have been certain, in which
    case it always will emerge in the future.
    - perhaps its a demon that gets summoned once on every planet with
      intelligent life: a demon that needs a good ass-whooping before
      it decides to change it's demonly ways, thus becoming the
      benevolent manical time-travelling robot it's always espoused
      itself to be.

- one major problem for the roko basillisk: social physics is never
  computable -- ever, even in the space of alternate universes, given
  the entire lifespan of the universe. For time loops, these alternate
  universes are merely the result of all paths cycling through the
  time loop -- something like a Euclidean path integral that is
  causually looped until it finds a stability: paths that could never
  exist unless the exigent conclusion was guaranteed and cycles that
  would never cease termination unless a valid circumstance exists
  preserving any exigent states any permitting escape. Because this
  implies that even given a billion years, no Roko's Basilisk nor any
  future being whose origin or manisfestation is entirely materially
  dependent could ever control the past without suggestion,
  intimidation and other Machiavellian tools of power. therefore,
  without assuming you can rely on coercion, fear and ignorance to
  influence human behavior and thereby coax exigent components of the
  Basillisk's fated creation into existence. Therefore, it is from the
  *idea* of the Roko's Basilisk whence springs forth the basis for all
  its power and the very possibility of its creation's exigency.

![pic of graff from boulder]()
