
- TODO: ![Map of Paths through Mexico]()

The #Mexican #Caravan is gaining momentum as more people move across
mexico. This is not unlike Ghandi's #SaltMarch movement, where people
marched to the #IndusRiver delta to make salt. I've written about that
several times: it was brilliant in how it worked, because Ghandi
leveraged #SocialPhysics as unemployed/impoverished people lead 100's
across India, the area encompassed by their followers led increased
the rate at which new people joined, eventually in the 10,000's... SO
IT WAS NEVER SOMETHING TO UNDERESTIMATE (but it will backfire, sadly)

The difference, of course, is what the #MexicanCaravan is leading
itself into is the OPPOSITE of the conclusion that #Ghandi's movement
attained. it will backfire because Obrador is on our side and because
their movement has no "unifying universally accepted crime against
humanity" to morally rally to that remotely compares to the
#BritishControlOverSalt in #India. Ultimately, invading a country with
50,000 people, trying to provoke an armed response (like many of the
indians did in provoking British massacres) is a horrible idea because
it doesn't even make sense why you see #Americans as OPPRESSORS? what
the fuck? You're coming here because you want money and stability that
your own governments won't give you. SO DEMAND IT FROM YOUR
GOVERNMENTS AND #GoTheFuckHome

but since its hard to stop mobs from doing mob things (including not
thinking in straightforward terms) then no matter what, this will
continue. even if the organizers were to read my straightforward
assessment, they would only double down on the metaphors to Ghandi's
movement and try to leverage that, resulting in a greater number of
people with a greater social memory of a POINTLESS exercise in
futility, poorly placed hopes and crushed dreams that make you wonder
... WHY? WHY DID I MARCH TO AMERICA WHEN I COULD'VE STUCK IT TO THE
MAN AT HOME?

They have 100,000 people from all over latin america with the
#CollectiveMemory of #SharedSacrifice and #SharedStruggle, who have
now woven a network of social connections that provides the basis of a
movement going forwards. this was the #Brilliance of #Ghandi's
strategy in organizing the #SaltMarch. here, the danger here is if
their movement becomes leftist, then this could easily become militant
or it could easily cause more instability than #LatinAmerica can cope
with.


- The organizers seem to have understood there was enough potential
  for social momentum for this to work. The movement started at a
  natural chokepoint, which is an ideal location for building
  momentum.

- where are they going to go afterwards? the organizers will have
  planned for multiple options, but those within the movement will be
  signaling their intent to handle success, to boost expectation of
  the same within their supporters. they will be counter-signaling to
  cover options for other scenarios: people tend to signal towards,
  away or orthogonally to their intentions; by understanding the push,
  pull and correlation of counter-signaling to someone's options, you
  can deal with almost any misinformation and infer the directions
  that person is coming from and intending to go to.
  - the movement will likely plan for a scenario with publicity, where
    they may have the opportunity to influence the elections, while
    preparing to remain networked close to the border.



- is this really timed to coincide with elections? because that really
  shitty to put 100,000 people living in Latin America up to something
  just to create a PR-showdown to influence elections
  domestically.
  - but it seems like this is the Democratic October Surprise.


- what happens if conflict emerges?
- what happens as a result of these new social connections that are
  formed? what becomes their purpose and their movement's raison
  d'Ãªtre?

- TODO: ![Population Density Map of Mexico]()
  - overlaid with major road maps
  - use this to predict major points funneling population flux.
    - to gain momentum the population will move along highways and
      highly connected population centers ... until they reach the
      border, where they will seek to move towards less populated
      areas and spread out.
    - this underscores the nature of the problem of defending the US
      border against non-enemy migrations... it's just too big, which
      is why we need to work smarter (not harder) in defending the
      border. as much as liberals want to apply technology to solving
      other problems, they can't do anything
  - this is emblematic of [transnationalism]() and
    [postnationalism](): respectively, a transitionary state and a
    moreso final state for global models of inter/governance. people
    in some areas are becoming disillusioned towards their national
    identity. they don't care; they just want to move towards
    opportunity. social media and increasingly logical connection
    between peoples breaks down physical borders, which means the
    country you live in doesn't exert such a strong effect on your
    identity because extra-national influences become more numerous
    and stronger.
    - influence from multinational corporations who benefit from
      brokering and leveraging bilateral, multilateral and panlateral
      trade deals, like TPP or other smaller pacific trade deals. as
      they do so, the resulting situations have unclear extrapolations
      for their impacts on commerce: who benefits; what nations; what
      corporations; and why? Yet, multinationals corporations will
      begin to become transnational corporations, sourcing further
      dynamics to influence the phenomena of translationalism as a
      whole.
    - this causes previously clear borders demarcating (action, ...)
      to weaken. As they gradually become unclear to parties operating
      within systems dependent on them, it is no longer clear how
      actions and consequences can predict outcomes. Instead there's
      confusion. So our borders also break down -- physical and those
      boundaries stemming from the clear delineation of ideas in
      governance, business law and international law
      - (rearrange this paragraph)
  -
