


#### Scientology ["OSA" Operation](https://www.villagevoice.com/2011/07/13/scientologys-spy-program-anatomy-of-a-covert-operation-updated/) To Alter The Sociocircuitry Around An SP's Social Boundary

![A Simple OSA Operation To Destroy The Life Of And Individual](/img/posts/2017-10-10-speed-of-thought-social-physics/scientology-disconnection-diagram.jpg)

It's easy, albeit a bit wieldy of more malice than I am comfortable of
entertaining in my heart.

#### Step One: Alter The Energetic Dynamics Of An Individual's Adjacent Sociophyscial Circuit Nodes

Simply identify an individual's 1&deg; & 2&deg social boundary. Target
the individuals in the boundary, project disinformation, use NLP to
alter the frames of their friends and family and, for a finishing
touch, abuse covert hypnosis[^metaphoneme-inventory] without regard
for the widespread damage you do to society. Bastardize linguistics by
randomly remapping
[metasyntactic variables](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metasyntactic_variable)
and flagrantly disregard the common human decency of *asking someone*
to **consent** to _psychological rape_.

#### Step Two: Brainwash The Person and People You Targeted

Eventually instill stockholm syndrome for the upsell of removing the
Thetans YOU created. Fuck your pattern lanugage. You assholes create
the evil you charge people to "audit" to clean up. They believe it
works because then you interject anonymized energy, harming the lives
the frenemies who may have caused that person's "thetanic" ills.

#### Step Three: From All The Tasty, Extrapyramidal Carnage: Profit!

This perpetuates the monetizable pyramid scheme. Upon attaining
critical mass of the network effect, it becomes cheap projecting
energy through decentralized hierarchies of catspaws. Any religion
must give its followers a mission. Any information collected in
"auditing" sessions becomes fodder for open season on fair game, the
best hunting and fishing for growing the
network. [*MOLOCH HUNGERS!*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-P2fILsLH8)

#### Metaphonology[^metaphoneme-inventory] and Metasyntactic Variables[^metasyntactic-ability] ... ClickClick. Doom.

When abused, this stuff will ruin your mind. And if you displease
these people, they will _not_ leave your mind in tact. It took me
forever to figure out what this means: !@#$'ing nothing... unless they
semiotically map it to a "key" on your "control interface." There are
countably many semiotic signifiers related to the human experience
that can be mapped, for which a Zipf's distribution can be generated:
these primarily map to cultural universals, most generic hand-signs or
most frequent body language.

#### They Use This One All The Time -- It's the MOST Generic Gesture Possible. Convenient For Generally Destabalizing Anyone Gullible Enough To Believe Their Shit.

![The "iPhone"](/img/posts/2017-10-10-speed-of-thought-social-physics/iphone-gesture.jpg)

#### What Surveillance? I've Been Trying To Say This Shit For Almost THREE YEARS!

By the time you know that Scientology wants to get involved in your
life, it's way too late. They have likely already invested in
compromising your social boundary. You are better off fleeing to
another country. Or you might be safe on Mars. If these people have a
problem with you they will never talk to you about it: that's pretty
simple, isn't it? This planet moves forward together -- I wanted to
make one goddamn point about disconnection and I didn't actually want
anything to happen.
